EX-2.1
2
ea021640301ex2-1_180life.htm
ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT DATED SEPTEMBER 29, 2024, BY AND AMONG ELRAY RESOURCES, INC., AS SELLER AND 180 LIFE SCIENCES CORP., AS PURCHASER

Exhibit 2.1

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

Dated September 29, 2024,

By and Among Elray Resources, Inc.,

as Seller

and

180 Life Sciences Corp.,

as Purchaser

TABLE OF CONTENTS

 ARTICLE I.
 DEFINITIONS

 1

 1.1.

 Definitions.

 1

 ARTICLE II.
 THE TRANSACTION; RECITALS

 6

 2.1.

 Purchased Assets.

 6

 2.2.

 Assumed Liabilities.

 6

 2.3.

 Excluded Assets.

 6

 2.4.

 Non-Assignable Assets.

 7

 ARTICLE III.
 CONSIDERATION

 8

 3.1.

 Consideration.

 8

 3.2.

 Transfer Taxes; Prorations.

 8

 3.3.

 Other Actions.

 8

 ARTICLE IV.
 CLOSING

 8

 4.1.

 Closing.

 8

 4.2.

 Closing Deliveries by Seller.

 8

 4.3.

 Closing Deliveries by Purchaser.

 8

 4.4.

 Closing Deliveries by Seller and Purchaser.

 8

 ARTICLE V.
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

 9

 5.1.

 Organization.

 9

 5.2.

 Authority.

 9

 5.3.

 Required Consents.

 9

 5.4.

 No Conflict.

 9

 5.5.

 Litigation.

 9

 5.6.

 No Employees.

 10

 5.7.

 Purchased Assets.

 10

 5.8.

 Brokers.

 10

 5.9.

 Title.

 10

 5.10.

 Intellectual Property.

 10

 5.11.

 Securities Representations.

 11

 5.12.

 Data Room; Information Supplied.

 14

 5.13.

 No Other Representations and Warranties.

 14

 ARTICLE VI.
 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

 14

 6.1.

 Organization.

 14

 6.2.

 Purchaser Capitalization.

 14

 6.3.

 Listing and Maintenance Requirements.

 14

 6.4.

 Authority.

 14

 6.5.

 Required Consents.

 14

 6.6.

 No Conflict.

 15

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 i

 6.7.

 Independent Investigation.

 15

 6.8.

 Litigation.

 15

 6.9.

 Status of Purchased Assets.

 15

 6.10.

 Brokers.

 15

 ARTICLE VII.
 COVENANTS

 15

 7.1.

 Conduct of Purchased Assets Prior to the Closing.

 15

 7.2.

 Access to Information.

 15

 7.3.

 No Solicitation of Other Bids.

 16

 7.4.

 Notice of Certain Events.

 16

 7.5.

 Confidentiality.

 17

 7.6.

 Closing Conditions.

 17

 7.7.

 Public Announcements.

 17

 ARTICLE VIII.
 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

 17

 8.1.

 Conditions to Obligations of All Parties.

 17

 8.2.

 Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser.

 18

 8.3.

 Conditions to Obligations of Seller.

 19

 8.4.

 Preferred Stock Shares.

 20

 ARTICLE IX.
 INDEMNIFICATION

 20

 9.1.

 Survival.

 20

 9.2.

 Indemnification.

 20

 9.3.

 Indemnification Procedures.

 21

 9.4.

 Certain Limitations.

 21

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 ii

 ARTICLE X.
 TERMINATION

 22

 10.1.

 Termination.

 22

 10.2.

 Effect of Termination.

 23

 ARTICLE XI.
 POST-CLOSING OBLIGATIONS

 23

 11.1.

 Assistance with Operations and Development.

 23

 11.2.

 Proxy Statement and Stockholder Meeting.

 24

 11.3.

 Public Announcements.

 24

 11.4.

 No Further Transfer of Purchased Assets.

 24

 ARTICLE XII.
 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

 25

 12.1.

 Amendments and Waivers.

 25

 12.2.

 Notices.

 25

 12.3.

 Governing Law; Assignments Prohibited; Successors and
 Assigns; No Third-Party Beneficiaries.

 26

 12.4.

 Limitation on Consequential Damages.

 26

 12.5.

 Arm’s Length Negotiations.

 27

 12.6.

 Remedies.

 27

 12.7.

 Dispute Resolution.

 27

 12.8.

 JURY TRIAL WAIVER.

 27

 12.9.

 Counterparts, Effect of Facsimile, Emailed and Photocopied
 Signatures.

 27

 12.10.

 Severability; Entire Agreement.

 28

 12.11.

 Interpretation and Construction.

 28

 12.12.

 Expenses of the Parties.

 28

 12.13.

 Further Assurances.

 28

 Exhibits

 A

 Certificate of Designations of 180 Life Sciences Corp. Establishing the Designations, Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock

 B

 Purchased Assets

 C

 Bill of Sale

 D

 Intellectual Property Assignment

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 iii

ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

This Asset Purchase Agreement
(this “Agreement”) is made as of September 29, 2024, by and among Elray Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation
(“Seller”), and 180 Life Sciences Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”). Capitalized
terms used and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings specified or referred to in ARTICLE I.

RECITALS

WHEREAS, Seller owns,
free and clear of any liens, pledges, pending, threatened or reasonably foreseeable claims, rights of third parties or any other Encumbrances,
the assets listed on Exhibit B attached hereto, which shall specifically include all Software Assets (as defined
below)(collectively, the “Purchased Assets”); and

WHEREAS, Purchaser
desires to purchase from Seller, and Seller desires to sell to Purchaser, all of the Purchased Assets on the terms and conditions set
forth herein.

NOW, THEREFORE, in
consideration of the foregoing recitals and the mutual representations, warranties, covenants and promises contained herein, the adequacy
and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged by the parties, the parties hereto agree as follows:

AGREEMENT

ARTICLE
I.

DEFINITIONS

1.1.
Definitions. In addition to the terms defined elsewhere in this Agreement, for all purposes of this Agreement, the following
terms have the meanings set forth in this Section 1.1:

(a)
“Affiliate” of a Person means any other Person that directly or indirectly, through one or more intermediaries,
controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, such Person. The term “control” (including the
corollary terms “controlled by” and “under common control with”) means the possession,
directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of a Person, whether through the
ownership of voting securities, by Contract or otherwise.

(b)
“Agreement” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble (including all schedules and exhibits attached
hereto), as amended from time to time.

(c)
“Business Day” means any day other than (i) a Saturday or a Sunday or (ii) a day on which banking institutions
are authorized or required by law to be closed in the State of California.

(d)
“Closing Date” shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.1.

(e)
“Closing” shall have the meaning specified in Section 4.1.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 1 of 29

(f)
“Consent” shall mean any approval, consent, ratification, permission, waiver or authorization (including
any Governmental Approval).

(g)
“Contract” shall mean any agreement, contract, consensual obligation, promise, understanding, arrangement,
commitment or undertaking of any nature (whether written or oral and whether express or implied), whether or not legally binding.

(h)
“Damages” shall mean and include any loss, damage, injury, decline in value, lost opportunity, Liability,
claim, demand, settlement, judgment, award, fine, penalty, Tax, fee (including any legal fee, accounting fee, expert fee or advisory fee),
charge, cost (including any cost of investigation) or expense of any nature.

(i)
“Designation” means the Certificate of Designations of 180 Life Sciences Corp. Establishing the Designations,
Preferences, Limitations and Relative Rights of Its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, in the form attached hereto as Exhibit
A.

(j)
“Elray Rights” means the rights of, and ownership of, Seller in, and to, a copy of the Purchased Assets,
subject to the Exclusive Rights (as defined in Section 11.5).

(k)
“Encumbrance” shall mean any lien, pledge, hypothecation, charge, mortgage, security interest, encumbrance,
equity, trust, equitable interest, claim, preference, right of possession, lease, tenancy, license, encroachment, covenant, infringement,
interference, third party intellectual property right or claim, Order, proxy, option, right of first refusal, preemptive right, community
property interest, legend, defect, impediment, exception, reservation, limitation, impairment, imperfection of title (including, without
limitation, any claim of intellectual property ownership by any Person other than the Seller), condition or restriction of any nature
(including any restriction on the voting of any security, any restriction on the transfer of any security or other asset, any restriction
on the receipt of any income derived from any asset, any restriction on the use of any asset and any restriction on the possession, exercise
or transfer of any other attribute of ownership of any asset).

(l)
“Entity” shall mean any corporation (including any non-profit corporation), general partnership, limited
partnership, limited liability partnership, joint venture, estate, trust or company (including any limited liability company or joint
stock company).

(m)
“Front End” means the user interface (UI) of the website or software program utilizing the Purchased
Assets and includes the design and user-friendly interface for the online casino, and would require designing a homepage, game lobby,
and user account management system.

(n)
“Governmental Approval” shall mean any: (a) permit, license, certificate, concession, approval, consent,
ratification, permission, clearance, confirmation, exemption, waiver, franchise, certification, designation, rating, registration, variance,
qualification, accreditation or authorization issued, granted, given or otherwise made available by or under the authority of any Governmental
Authority or pursuant to any Legal Requirement; or (b) right under any Contract with any Governmental Authority.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 2 of 29

(o)
“Governmental Authority” shall mean any: (a) nation, principality, state, commonwealth, province, territory,
county, municipality, district or other jurisdiction of any nature; (b) federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other government;
(c) governmental or quasi-governmental authority of any nature (including any governmental division, subdivision, department, agency,
bureau, branch, office, commission, council, board, instrumentality, officer, official, representative, organization, unit, body or Entity
and any court or other tribunal); (d) multinational organization or body; or (e) individual, Entity or body exercising, or entitled to
exercise, any executive, legislative, judicial, administrative, regulatory, police, military or taxing or arbitral authority or power
of any nature.

(p)
“Intellectual Property” means all tangible or intangible proprietary information and materials, including
without limitation, (i) all inventions (whether patentable or unpatentable and whether or not reduced to practice), all improvements thereon,
and all patents, patent applications and patent disclosures, together with all continuations, continuations-in-part, divisions, reissues,
extensions and re-examinations thereof, (ii) all trademarks, service marks, trade dress, logos, trade names (all of the foregoing, whether
registered or unregistered), corporate names and limited liability company names, domain names (including www.splitrockcasino.com or
any alternative name mutually agreed to by parties), URLs, and social media accounts, together with all translations, adaptations,
derivations and combinations thereof, and all applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith, (iii) all works of authorship
(whether registered or unregistered) and copyrights and all applications, registrations and renewals in connection therewith, (iv) all
trade secrets and confidential business information (including ideas, research and development, know-how, formulas, compositions, manufacturing
and production process and techniques, methods, schematics, technology, technical data, designs, drawings, flowcharts, block diagrams,
specifications, customer and supplier lists, pricing and cost information and business and marketing plans and proposals), (v) all software
and firmware (including data, databases and related documentation), (vi) all documents, records and files relating to, and tangible embodiments
of, all intellectual property described in clauses (i) through (v) above; and (vii) all licenses, agreements and other rights in any third
party product or any third party intellectual property described in clauses (i) through (v) above, other than any “off the
shelf” third party software or related intellectual property.

(q)
“Legal Requirement(s)” shall mean any federal, state, local, municipal, foreign or other law, statute,
legislation, constitution, principle of common law, resolution, ordinance, code, Order, edict, decree, proclamation, treaty, convention,
rule, regulation, permit, ruling, directive, pronouncement, requirement (licensing or otherwise), specification, determination, decision,
opinion or interpretation that is, has been or may in the future be issued, enacted, adopted, passed, approved, promulgated, made, implemented
or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any Governmental Authority.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 3 of 29

(r)
“Liability” shall mean any debt, obligation, duty or liability of any nature (including any unknown,
undisclosed, unmatured, unaccrued, unasserted, contingent, indirect, conditional, implied, vicarious, derivative, joint, several or secondary
liability), regardless of whether such debt, obligation, duty or liability would be required to be disclosed on a balance sheet prepared
in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and regardless of whether such debt, obligation, duty or liability is immediately
due and payable.

(s)
“Licensed Intellectual Property” means all Intellectual Property of any third party that is licensed
by Seller and expressly included in the list of the Purchased Assets on Exhibit B to this Agreement.

(t)
“Order” shall mean any: (a) temporary, preliminary or permanent order, judgment, injunction, edict, decree,
ruling, pronouncement, determination, decision, opinion, verdict, sentence, stipulation, subpoena, writ or award that is or has been issued,
made, entered, rendered or otherwise put into effect by or under the authority of any court, administrative agency or other Governmental
Authority; or (b) Contract with any Governmental Authority that is or has been entered into in connection with any Proceeding.

(u)
“Owned Intellectual Property” means all Intellectual Property that is owned or purposed to be owned by
Seller and expressly included in the list of the Purchased Assets on Exhibit B to this Agreement.

(v)
“Person” shall mean any individual, Entity or Governmental Authority.

(w)
“Proceeding” shall mean any material action, suit, litigation, arbitration, proceeding (including any
civil, criminal, administrative, investigative or appellate proceeding), prosecution, contest, hearing, inquiry, inquest, audit, examination
or investigation that is, has been or may in the future be commenced, brought, conducted or heard at law or in equity or before any Governmental
Authority or any arbitrator or arbitration panel.

(x)
“Proxy Approval” means that Purchaser has filed a proxy statement with the SEC, all SEC comments to such
proxy statement (if any) have been cleared by Purchaser and such proxy statement has been mailed to all Stockholders of Purchaser.

(y)
“Proxy Statement” means the proxy statement to be filed by Purchaser with the SEC and sent to Purchaser’s
stockholders in connection with the Stockholder Meeting, the form of which shall be subject to Sellers’ prior written approval (not
to be unreasonably delayed or withheld).

(z)
“Purchased Assets” shall have the meaning specified in the Recitals.

(aa)
“Purchaser” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

(bb)
“Representatives” shall mean officers, directors, employees, attorneys, accountants, advisors, agents,
distributors, licensees, shareholders, subsidiaries and lenders of a party. In addition, all Affiliates of Seller shall be deemed to be
“Representatives” of Seller.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 4 of 29

(cc)
“Securities Act” means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and the rules and regulations promulgated
thereunder.

(dd)
“Seller” shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble.

(ee)
“Seller Intellectual Property” means all Owned Intellectual Property and all Licensed Intellectual Property.

(ff)
“Seller Material Adverse Effect” means any event, occurrence, fact, condition or change that is, or could
reasonably be expected to become, individually or in the aggregate, materially adverse to (a) the business, results of operations, condition
(financial or otherwise) or assets of the Purchased Assets and/or Seller, (b) the value of the Purchased Assets, or (c) the ability of
Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby on a timely basis.

(gg)
“Stockholders Meeting” means the special meeting or annual meeting of the stockholders of Purchaser to
be held to consider the approval of the terms of this Agreement and the issuance of Purchaser Common Stock to Sellers upon conversion
of the Preferred Stock Shares and upon exercise of the Warrants in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq and applicable
law.

(hh)
“Software Assets” means all Software that forms a part of the Purchased Assets.

(ii)
“Software” means computer software, programs, and databases in any form, including source code, object
code, operating systems and specifications, data, databases, database management code, tools, developers kits, utilities, graphical user
interfaces, menus, artwork, images, icons, forms and software engines, and all versions, updates, corrections, enhancements and modifications
thereof, and all related technical and functional documentation, developer notes, comments, and annotations.

(jj)
“Tax Authority” means Governmental Authority responsible for the imposition, assessment or collection
of any Tax (domestic or foreign).

(kk)
“Tax” (and, with correlative meaning, “Taxes” and “Taxable”)
means any net income, alternative or add-on minimum tax, gross income, gross receipts, sales, use, ad valorem, transfer, franchise, profits,
license, withholding, payroll, employment, excise, severance, stamp, occupation, premium, property, environmental or windfall profit tax,
custom, duty or other tax, governmental fee or other assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest or any penalty,
addition to tax or additional amount and any interest on such penalty, addition to tax or additional amount, imposed by any Tax Authority.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 5 of 29

(ll)
“Transaction Documents” shall mean this Agreement and all other agreements, certificates, instruments,
assignments, documents and writings delivered by Purchaser and/or Seller in connection with the Transaction, including, but not limited
to the exhibits hereto.

(mm)
“Transaction” shall mean, collectively, the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

(nn)
“Transfer Taxes” shall mean all federal, state, local or foreign sales, use, transfer, real property
transfer, mortgage recording, stamp duty, value-added or similar Taxes that may be imposed in connection with the transfer of Purchased
Assets, together with any interest, additions to Tax or penalties with respect thereto and any interest in respect of such additions to
Tax or penalties.

ARTICLE
II.

THE TRANSACTION; RECITALS

2.1.
Purchased Assets. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, at the Closing, Seller shall sell, transfer, convey,
assign and deliver to Purchaser, and Purchaser shall purchase from Seller, all of Seller’s right, title and interest in all of the
Purchased Assets, and all Intellectual Property associated therewith. Purchaser agrees that Purchaser is receiving a copy of the Purchased
Assets from Seller and that Seller will retain the right to use the Purchased Assets, subject to the Exclusive Rights (as defined in Section
11.5).

2.2.
Assumed Liabilities. Purchaser shall not assume any liabilities of Seller, except that Purchaser hereby assumes and agrees
to pay, perform, and discharge when due any and all Liabilities arising out of or relating to Purchaser’s operation of the Purchased
Assets on and after the Closing (collectively, the “Assumed Liabilities”). Other than Assumed Liabilities, Purchaser
shall not assume and shall not be liable or responsible for any Liabilities of Seller.

2.3.
Excluded Assets. Other than the Purchased Assets, Purchaser expressly understands and agrees that it is not purchasing or acquiring,
and Seller is not selling or assigning, any other assets or properties of Seller, and all such other assets and properties shall be excluded
from the Purchased Assets (collectively, the “Excluded Assets”). Excluded Assets include, by way of example
and not by way of limitation, all cash, bank and other accounts, intellectual property rights (other than those set out in the Intellectual
Property Assignment in the form attached hereto as Exhibit D), social media, websites, URLs and all other assets (other
than only the Purchased Assets) owned, licensed and/or operated by Seller. For the avoidance of doubt: (i) the Purchased Assets do
not constitute all or substantially all of the assets of Seller and (ii) Purchaser is not purchasing any goodwill related to the Purchased
Assets.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 6 of 29

2.4.
Non-Assignable Assets. 

(a)
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, to the extent that the sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery,
or attempted sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, to Purchaser of any Purchased Asset would result in a violation of applicable
law, or would require the consent, authorization, approval or waiver of a Person who is not a party to this Agreement or an Affiliate
of a party to this Agreement (including any Governmental Authority), and such consent, authorization, approval or waiver shall not have
been obtained prior to the Closing, this Agreement shall not constitute a sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, or an attempted
sale, assignment, transfer, conveyance or delivery, thereof; provided, however, that, subject to the satisfaction
or waiver of the conditions contained in  ARTICLE VIII, the Closing shall occur notwithstanding the foregoing without any adjustment
to the Purchase Price on account thereof. Following the Closing, Seller and Purchaser shall use commercially reasonable efforts, and shall
cooperate with each other, to obtain any such required consent, authorization, approval or waiver, or any release, substitution or amendment
required to novate all liabilities and obligations under any agreements or in connection with any liabilities that constitute Assumed
Liabilities or to obtain in writing the unconditional release of all parties to such arrangements, so that, in any case, Purchaser shall
be solely responsible for such liabilities and obligations from and after the Closing Date; provided, however,
that neither Seller nor Purchaser shall be required to pay any consideration therefor. Once such consent, authorization, approval, waiver,
release, substitution or amendment is obtained, Seller shall sell, assign, transfer, convey and deliver to Purchaser the relevant Purchased
Asset to which such consent, authorization, approval, waiver, release, substitution or amendment relates for no additional consideration.

(b)
To the extent that any Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability cannot be transferred to Purchaser following the Closing pursuant to
this Section 2.4, Purchaser and Seller shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into such arrangements (such as
subleasing, sublicensing or subcontracting) to provide to the parties the economic and, to the extent permitted under applicable law,
operational equivalent of the transfer of such Purchased Asset or Assumed Liability to Purchaser as of the Closing and the performance
by Purchaser of its obligations with respect thereto. Purchaser shall, as agent or subcontractor for Seller pay, perform and discharge
fully the liabilities and obligations of Seller thereunder from and after the Closing Date. To the extent permitted under applicable law,
Seller shall, at Purchaser’s expense, hold in trust for and pay to Purchaser promptly upon receipt thereof, such Purchased Asset
and all income, proceeds and other monies received by Seller to the extent related to such Purchased Asset in connection with the arrangements
under this Section 2.4. Seller shall be permitted to set off against such amounts all reasonable direct costs associated with
the retention and maintenance of such Purchased Assets.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 7 of 29

ARTICLE
III.

CONSIDERATION

3.1.
Consideration. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement and subject to the Closing having occurred, the full and
complete consideration for the Seller’s full and complete sale, transfer, conveyance, assignment and delivery of all the Purchased
Assets to the Purchaser, shall be (a) 1,000,000 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock of the Purchaser (the “Series
Preferred Stock”), with such rights and preferences as are set forth in the Designation (the “Preferred Stock
Shares”), issuable by the Purchaser to the Seller at the Closing in book-entry/non-certificate form; and (b) warrants to
purchase 3,000,000 shares of common stock of the Purchaser, evidenced by the Common Stock Purchase Warrant in the form of Exhibit
E hereto (the “Warrants”), which shall have an exercise price equal to the closing sale’s price
of the Purchaser’s common stock on the Nasdaq Capital Market on the Closing Date (collectively, (a) and (b), the “Purchase
Price”).

3.2.
Transfer Taxes; Prorations. Notwithstanding any Legal Requirements to the contrary, Purchaser shall be responsible for and
shall pay any Transfer Taxes when due, and shall, at its own expense, file all necessary tax returns and other documentation with respect
to all such Transfer Taxes; provided, that, if required by any Legal Requirement, Seller will join in the execution of any
such tax returns and other documentation.

3.3.
Other Actions. Purchaser and Seller agree that any Legal Requirements with respect to the transactions contemplated in
this Agreement shall be completed at the Closing and that Seller shall, and shall cause its respective Affiliates and representatives
at its own expense, to, provide any documents, invoices, bills of sales, assignment documents to transfer assets under Legal Requirements,
certifications, procure local notarizations, licenses and regulatory approvals and pay any applicable local taxes (other than in relation
to the transfer taxes as set forth in Section 3.2 above), dues, documentary stamps or fees related to, or required in connection
with the transactions contemplated in this Agreement, in each case with a view toward providing Purchaser with good, valid, marketable
and transferable title to all of the Purchased Assets, free and clear of any Encumbrances.

ARTICLE
IV.

CLOSING

4.1.
Closing. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
(the “Closing”) shall take place remotely by exchange of documents and signatures (or their electronic counterparts)
on the second Business Day after all of the conditions to Closing set forth in ARTICLE VIII are either satisfied or waived (other than
conditions that, by their nature, are to be satisfied on the Closing Date), or on such other date as Seller and Purchaser may mutually
agree upon in writing. The date on which the Closing is to occur is herein referred to as the “Closing Date.”
The Closing shall be deemed effective as of 12:01 a.m., Eastern Standard Time, on the Closing Date.

4.2.
Closing Deliveries by Seller. At the Closing, Seller shall deliver to Purchaser the Bill of Sale and the Intellectual
Property Assignment Agreement, each substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C and Exhibit
D, respectively, as well as all source code relating to the Software Assets and the other Purchased Assets to the extent they
represent tangible assets.

4.3.
Closing Deliveries by Purchaser. At the Closing, Purchaser shall issue to Seller the Preferred Stock Shares and Warrants pursuant
to Section 3.1 above.

4.4.
Closing Deliveries by Seller and Purchaser. At the Closing, each of Purchaser and Seller shall deliver duly executed other
certificates, instruments or documents required pursuant to the provisions of this Agreement or otherwise necessary or appropriate for
Seller to transfer to Purchaser all of the Purchased Assets in accordance with the terms hereof and consummate the Transaction. Seller
shall deliver all of the Purchased Assets to such location as Purchaser shall designate to Seller at or prior to Closing.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 8 of 29

ARTICLE
V.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF SELLER

Seller hereby represents and
warrants to the Purchaser the following as of the date hereof, which shall be automatically deemed to be reconfirmed by the Seller at
Closing:

5.1.
Organization. Seller is a limited liability company validly organized and existing, and in good standing, under the laws of
the State of Nevada.

5.2.
Authority. Seller has all of the necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, to fully and completely perform its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the Transaction. The execution and delivery of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation by Seller of the Transaction have been duly and validly authorized
by all requisite action and no other proceedings on the part of Seller are necessary to authorize this Agreement or to consummate the
Transaction. This Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents has been duly and validly executed and delivered by Seller. This
Agreement constitutes, and at Closing the other Transaction Documents will constitute, the legal, valid and binding obligation of Seller,
enforceable against Seller in accordance with their respective terms.

5.3.
Required Consents. No Consents are required with respect to Seller’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, the other
Transaction Documents, and the full and complete consummation of the Transaction.

5.4.
No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Seller do not
and will not: (i) require any consent by, approval of or notice to any Person or Governmental Authority other than as specifically referenced
herein; (ii) conflict with or violate any provision of any Legal Requirement or result in the breach of, or constitute a default under
any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or violate any judgment or order binding or imposed upon it; and (iii) require any
consent or approval of, or filing with or notice to any Governmental Authority or other Person under the provisions of any Legal Requirement
applicable to Seller or to the Transaction.

5.5.
Litigation. To Seller’s knowledge, there is no Proceeding pending, threatened or reasonably foreseeable against or affecting
the Purchased Assets. Seller is not subject to any Order or any proposed Order that would prevent or materially delay the consummation
of the Transaction.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 9 of 29

5.6.
No Employees. There are no employees employed or workers contracted in respect of the Purchased Assets or the business
to which such Purchased Assets used as of the date hereof.

5.7.
Purchased Assets. The Purchased Assets are sufficient to support the operation of a fully functional online blockchain
casino with the underlying blockchain technology and Intellectual Property.

5.8.
Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in
connection with the Transaction based upon arrangements made, or alleged to have been made, by or on behalf of Seller. Seller shall be
fully responsible for, and shall indemnify Purchaser in connection with, any such fee arrangement.

5.9.
Title. Seller, solely and exclusively, has good, valid, marketable and transferable title to all of the Purchased Assets, in
each case free and clear of any Encumbrances. Seller, solely and exclusively, has the full right and power to sell, convey, assign, transfer
and deliver to Purchaser good, valid, marketable and transferable title to all of the Purchased Assets, in each case free and clear of
any and all Encumbrances. The Purchased Assets are not subject to, or potentially subject to, any preemptive right, right of first refusal
or other right or restriction. Upon Closing, Purchaser will be entitled to the continued and sole exclusive ownership, copyright, possession
and use of all Purchased Assets, subject to the Elray Rights.

5.10.
Intellectual Property. 

(c)
Seller is not in any material violation of any license, sublicense or other agreement to which it is a party or otherwise bound
relating to any of the Seller Intellectual Property. Seller is not obligated to provide any consideration (whether financial or otherwise)
to any Person and no Person is otherwise entitled to any consideration, with respect to any exercise of rights by Seller in the Seller
Intellectual Property (other than licenses arising from the purchase of “off the shelf” or other standard products,
as set forth in Schedule 5.10).

(d)
The use of the Seller Intellectual Property by Seller as currently used and as currently proposed to be used does not infringe
any other Person’s Intellectual Property. No written claim (i) challenging the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or ownership
of any of the Seller Intellectual Property or (ii) to the effect that the use, reproduction, modification, manufacture, distribution,
licensing, sublicensing, sale, or any other exercise of rights in any Seller Intellectual Property by Seller infringes or has infringed
on any other Person’s Intellectual Property has been received by Seller. To Seller’s best knowledge, there is no unauthorized
use, infringement, or misappropriation of any of Owned Intellectual Property by any Person.

(e)
Seller has taken commercially reasonable steps to protect the proprietary nature of the Seller Intellectual Property and to maintain
in confidence all trade secrets and confidential information owned or used by Seller. To Seller’s best knowledge, no Person has
had access to the trade secrets and confidential information owned or used by Seller, other than Persons that (i) have entered into confidentiality
and non-disclosure agreements with respect to such trade secrets and confidential information, (ii) have duties of confidentiality to
Seller, under state or federal law (including fiduciary duties or professional duties), or (iii) are employees or service providers to
Seller. Seller has not notified any Person of, and to Seller’s actual knowledge there is no basis for any notice to any Person with
respect to, (y) the unauthorized use or disclosure by such Person of the trade secrets and confidential information owned or used by Seller
thereto, including, but not limited to the Purchased Assets, or (z) the breach of any agreement between Seller and any Person relating
to the trade secrets and confidential information owned or used by Seller, including, but not limited to the Purchased Assets.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 10 of 29

(f)
At no time during the conception of or reduction to practice of any Owned Intellectual Property was any developer, inventor or
other contributor thereto operating under any grants from any Governmental Authority or private source, performing research sponsored
by any Governmental Authority or private source or subject to any employment agreement or invention assignment or nondisclosure agreement
or other obligation with any third party, in each case that would impair or limit Seller’s right in such Owned Intellectual Property.
There exist no inventions by current or former employees or consultants of Seller made or otherwise conceived prior to their beginning
employment or consultation with Seller that have been or are intended to be incorporated into any of the Seller Intellectual Property,
other than any such inventions that have been validly and irrevocably assigned or licensed to Seller by written agreement.

(g)
Neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement, nor the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereunder,
will result in the loss or impairment of, or require the consent of any other person in respect of Seller’s rights to own or use
any Seller Intellectual Property.

5.11.
Securities Representations.

(a)
Purchase for Own Account. The Preferred Stock Shares and shares of common stock of the Purchaser issuable upon conversion
thereof (the “Conversion Shares”), Warrants and shares of common stock of the Purchaser issuable upon exercise
of the Warrants (the “Warrant Shares”, and together with the Preferred Stock Shares, Conversion Shares and Warrants,
the “Purchaser Securities”) to be issued to Seller hereunder will be acquired for investment for Seller’s
own account, not as a nominee or agent, and not with a view to the public resale or distribution thereof within the meaning of the Securities
Act, and Seller has no present intention of selling, granting any participation in, or otherwise distributing the same.

(b)
Disclosure of Information.

(i)
Seller has received or has had full access to all the information Seller considers necessary or appropriate to make an informed
investment decision with respect to the Preferred Stock Shares and Warrants to be issued to Seller hereunder. Seller has had an opportunity
to ask questions and receive answers from the Purchaser regarding the Purchaser and the Purchaser Securities, and all such questions,
if any, have been satisfactorily answered as of the date of this Agreement.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 11 of 29

(ii)
Without limiting or reducing in any way Section 5.11(b)(i), above, the Seller acknowledges that it (A) is aware of,
has received and had an opportunity to review (x) the Purchaser’s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023
(the “Annual Report”); and (y) Purchaser’s Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form
8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC” or the “Commission”)
from January 1, 2024, to the date of this Agreement (which filings can be accessed by going to https://www.sec.gov/edgar/searchedgar/companysearch.html,
typing “180 Life Sciences Group” in the “Name, ticker symbol, or CIK” field, and clicking
the “Search” button)(such Annual Report, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and current reports on Form 8-K (collectively,
the “SEC Reports”)), in each case (x) through (y), including, but not limited to, the audited and unaudited
financial statements, description of business, risk factors, results of operations, certain transactions and related business disclosures
described therein (collectively the “Disclosure Documents”) and an independent investigation made by it of Purchaser;
and (B) is not relying on any oral representation of Purchaser or any other person, nor any written representation or assurance from Purchaser;
in connection with Seller’s acceptance of the Preferred Stock Shares and Warrants and investment decision in connection therewith.

(iii)
Illiquid Securities. Seller realizes that the Purchaser Securities cannot readily be sold as they will be restricted securities
and therefore the Purchaser Securities must not be accepted unless such Seller has liquid assets sufficient to assure that holding such
Purchaser Securities indefinitely will cause no undue financial difficulties and such Seller can provide for current needs and possible
personal contingencies.

(iv)
Discussions with Advisors. Seller has carefully considered and has, to the extent it believes such discussion necessary,
discussed with its professional, legal, tax and financial advisors, the suitability of an investment in the Preferred Stock Shares and
Warrants for its particular tax and financial situation and its advisers, if such advisors were deemed necessary, have determined that
the Preferred Stock Shares and Warrants are a suitable investment for it.

(v)
No General Solicitation. Seller has not become aware of and has not been offered the Purchaser Securities by any form of
general solicitation or advertising, including, but not limited to, advertisements, articles, notices or other communications published
in any newspaper, magazine, or other similar media or television or radio broadcast or any seminar or meeting where, to such Seller’s
knowledge, those individuals that have attended have been invited by any such or similar means of general solicitation or advertising.

(vi)
No Registration Rights. Seller confirms and acknowledges that Purchaser is not under any obligation to register or seek
an exemption under any federal and/or state securities acts for any sale or transfer of the Purchaser Securities, and such Seller is solely
responsible for determining the status, in its hands, of the Purchaser Securities acquired hereunder and the availability, if required,
of exemptions from registration for purposes of sale or transfer of the Purchaser Securities.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 12 of 29

(vii) Investment
Experience. Seller understands that the acquisition of Purchaser Securities involves substantial risk. Seller acknowledges that
Seller can bear the economic risk of Seller’s investment in the Purchaser Securities, and has sufficient knowledge and
experience in financial or business matters such that Seller is capable of evaluating the merits and risks of this investment in the
Purchaser Securities and protecting its own interests in connection with this investment. Seller hereby represents that it is an
“accredited investor,” as such term is defined under Rule 501(a) of Regulation D promulgated under the
Securities Act.

(viii)
Required Stockholder Approval. Seller understands that the conversion of the Preferred Stock Shares and the issuance of
the Conversion Shares upon conversion thereof, and the exercise of the Warrants, and the issuance of the Warrant Shares upon exercise
thereof, will be subject to the approval of such issuances pursuant to the rules and requirements of the Nasdaq Capital Market in all
cases, as described in greater detail in the Designation and the Common Stock Purchase Warrant evidencing the Warrants, and such stockholder
approval may never be received.

(ix)
Restricted Shares. Seller understands that the Purchaser Securities are characterized as “restricted securities”
under the Securities Act inasmuch as they are being acquired from Purchaser in a transaction not involving a public offering and that,
under the Securities Act and applicable regulations thereunder, such securities may be resold without registration under the Securities
Act only in certain limited circumstances. In this connection, Seller represents that Seller is familiar with Rule 144 as promulgated
under the Securities Act and as presently in effect, and understands the resale limitations imposed thereby and by other applicable provisions
of the Securities Act.

(x)
Legend. Seller acknowledges and understands that the certificates or book-entry statements evidencing the Purchaser Securities
will bear the legend set forth below:

“THE SECURITIES REPRESENTED
HEREBY [AND ISSUABLE UPON CONVERSION[EXERCISE] HEREOF] HAVE NOT BEEN REGISTERED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE “ACT”),
OR UNDER THE SECURITIES LAWS OF CERTAIN STATES. THESE SECURITIES ARE SUBJECT TO RESTRICTIONS ON TRANSFERABILITY AND RESALE AND MAY NOT
BE TRANSFERRED OR RESOLD EXCEPT AS PERMITTED UNDER THE ACT AND THE APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS, PURSUANT TO REGISTRATION OR EXEMPTION
THEREFROM. INVESTORS SHOULD BE AWARE THAT THEY MAY BE REQUIRED TO BEAR THE FINANCIAL RISKS OF THIS INVESTMENT FOR AN INDEFINITE PERIOD
OF TIME. THE ISSUER OF THESE SECURITIES MAY REQUIRE AN OPINION OF COUNSEL IN FORM AND SUBSTANCE SATISFACTORY TO THE ISSUER TO THE EFFECT
THAT ANY PROPOSED TRANSFER OR RESALE IS IN COMPLIANCE WITH THE ACT AND ANY APPLICABLE STATE SECURITIES LAWS.”

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 13 of 29

5.12.
Data Room; Information Supplied. All copies of and originals of all information, documents, financial statements, agreements
and materials provided by the Seller (including its Representatives, and Affiliates) to the Purchaser, or its Affiliates or Representatives
as part of the due diligence process leading up to the parties entry into this Agreement were and remain accurate and complete in all
material respects when provided and as of the Closing Date.

5.13.
No Other Representations and Warranties. Except for the representations and warranties contained in this Agreement, neither
Seller nor any other Person has made or makes any other express or implied representation or warranty, either written or oral, on behalf
of Seller, including any representation or warranty as to the accuracy or completeness of any information, documents or material regarding
Seller and/or the Purchased Assets furnished or made available to Purchaser and its Representatives in any form, any information, documents,
or material delivered to Purchaser on behalf of Seller for purposes of this Agreement or any management presentations made in expectation
of the transactions contemplated hereby, or as to the future revenue, profitability, or success of the Purchased Assets, or any representation
or warranty arising from statute or otherwise in law.

ARTICLE
VI.

REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF PURCHASER

Purchaser hereby represents
and warrants to Seller the following as of the date hereof, which shall be automatically deemed to be reconfirmed by the Purchaser at
Closing:

6.1.
Organization. Purchaser is a corporation registered, incorporated and in good standing in the State of Delaware.

6.2.
Purchaser Capitalization. As of the date hereof and the Closing Date, the authorized capital stock of the Purchaser consists
of 100,000,000 shares of common stock, $0.0001 par value per share (“Common Stock”) and 5,000,000 shares of
preferred stock, $0.0001 par value per share, of which 1,000,000 shares have been designated as Series A Convertible Preferred Stock (of
which none are outstanding), of which one share of preferred stock has been designated as a Class C Special Voting Share, of which none
are outstanding, and one share of preferred stock has been designated as a Class K Special Voting Share, of which none are outstanding.
As of the date hereof the Purchaser has outstanding 1,026,930 shares of common stock.

6.3.
Listing and Maintenance Requirements. The shares of Common Stock are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the “Exchange Act”), and the Purchaser has taken no action designed to, or
which to its knowledge is likely to have the effect of, terminating the registration of the Common Stock under the Exchange Act nor has
the Purchaser received any notification that the Commission is contemplating terminating such registration, except as set forth in the
SEC Reports.

6.4.
Authority. Purchaser has all necessary power and authority to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction
Documents, to perform its obligations hereunder, and to consummate the Transaction. The execution and delivery of this Agreement and the
other Transaction Documents and the consummation by Purchaser of the Transaction have been duly and validly authorized by all requisite
action and no other proceeding on the part of Purchaser is necessary to authorize this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents or
to fully and completely consummate the Transaction. This Agreement has been, and at Closing the other Transaction Documents will be, duly
and validly executed and delivered by Purchaser. This Agreement constitutes, and at Closing the other Transaction Documents will constitute,
the legal, valid and binding obligation of Purchaser, enforceable against Purchaser in accordance with their respective terms.

6.5.
Required Consents. No Consents are required with respect to Purchaser’s execution and delivery of this Agreement, the
other Transaction Documents, and the full and complete consummation of the Transaction; provided that the approval of Purchaser’s
stockholders is required for the conversion of the Preferred Stock Shares into shares of common stock of the Purchaser and exercise of
the Warrants into Warrant Shares, pursuant to the applicable rule and requirements of Nasdaq.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 14 of 29

6.6.
No Conflict. The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents by Purchaser do
not and will not: (i) require any consent by, approval of or notice to any Person or Governmental Authority other than as specifically
referenced herein; (ii) conflict with or violate any provision of any Legal Requirement or result in the breach of, or constitute a default
under any agreement or instrument to which it is a party or violate any judgment or order binding or imposed upon it; and (iii) require
any consent or approval of, or filing with or notice to any Governmental Authority or other Person under the provisions of any Legal Requirement
applicable to Seller or to the Transaction.

6.7.
Independent Investigation. Purchaser has conducted its own independent investigation, review and analysis of Seller and
the Purchased Assets, and acknowledges that it has been provided adequate access to the personnel, properties, assets, premises, books
and records and other documents and data of Seller for such purpose. Purchaser acknowledges and agrees that: (a) in making its decision
to enter into this Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby, Purchaser has relied solely upon its own investigation
and the express representations and warranties of Seller set forth in ARTICLE V of this Agreement; and (b) neither Seller nor any
other Person has made any representation or warranty as to Seller, the Purchased Assets or this Agreement, except as expressly set forth
in ARTICLE V of this Agreement.

6.8.
Litigation. Purchaser is not subject to any Order or any proposed Order that would prevent or materially delay the consummation
of the Transaction.

6.9.
Status of Purchased Assets. Purchaser acknowledges that the Purchased Assets do not constitute a fully operational online blockchain
casino and a Front End of such casino would need to be built and integrated to the Purchased Assets, the cost of which build is not included
in the acquisition of the Purchased Assets.

6.10.
Brokers. No broker, finder or investment banker is entitled to any brokerage, finder’s or other fee or commission in
connection with the Transaction based upon arrangements made, or alleged to have been made, by or on behalf of Purchaser. Purchaser shall
be fully responsible for, and shall indemnify Purchaser in connection with, any such fee arrangement.

ARTICLE
VII.

COVENANTS

7.1.
Conduct of Purchased Assets Prior to the Closing. From the date hereof until the Closing, except as otherwise provided in this
Agreement or consented to in writing by Purchaser (which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed), Seller shall (x) operate
the Purchased Assets in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice; and (y) use reasonable best efforts to maintain
and preserve intact the Purchased Assets.

7.2.
Access to Information. From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall (a) afford Purchaser and its Representatives
full and free access to and the right to inspect all of the Purchased Assets and the books and records relating thereto; (b) furnish Purchaser
and its Representatives with such financial, operating and other data and information related to the Purchased Assets as Purchaser or
any of its Representatives may reasonably request; and (c) instruct the Representatives of Seller to cooperate with Purchaser in
its investigation of the Purchased Assets. Any investigation pursuant to this Section 7.2 shall be conducted in such manner as
not to interfere unreasonably with the conduct of the Purchased Assets or any other businesses of Seller. No investigation by Purchaser
or other information received by Purchaser shall operate as a waiver or otherwise affect any representation, warranty or agreement given
or made by Seller in this Agreement.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 15 of 29

7.3.
No Solicitation of Other Bids. 

(a)
Seller shall not, and shall not authorize or permit any of its Affiliates or any of its or their Representatives to, directly or
indirectly, (i) encourage, solicit, initiate, facilitate or continue inquiries regarding an Acquisition Proposal; (ii) enter into discussions
or negotiations with, or provide any information to, any Person concerning a possible Acquisition Proposal; or (iii) enter into any agreements
or other instruments (whether or not binding) regarding an Acquisition Proposal. Seller shall immediately cease and cause to be terminated,
and shall cause its Affiliates and all of its and their Representatives to immediately cease and cause to be terminated, all existing
discussions or negotiations with any Persons conducted heretofore with respect to, or that could lead to, an Acquisition Proposal. For
purposes hereof, “Acquisition Proposal” means any inquiry, proposal or offer from any Person (other than Purchaser
or any of its Affiliates) relating to the direct or indirect disposition, whether by sale, merger or otherwise, of all or any portion
of the Purchased Assets.

(b)
In addition to the other obligations under this Section 7.3, Seller shall promptly (and in any event within three (3) Business
Days after receipt thereof by Seller or its Representatives) advise Purchaser orally and in writing of any Acquisition Proposal, any request
for information with respect to any Acquisition Proposal, or any inquiry with respect to or which could reasonably be expected to result
in an Acquisition Proposal, the material terms and conditions of such request, Acquisition Proposal or inquiry, and the identity of the
Person making the same.

(c)
Seller agrees that the rights and remedies for noncompliance with this Section 7.3 shall include having such provision specifically
enforced by any court having equity jurisdiction, it being acknowledged and agreed that any such breach or threatened breach shall cause
irreparable injury to Purchaser and that money damages would not provide an adequate remedy to Purchaser.

7.4.
Notice of Certain Events. 

(a)
From the date hereof until the Closing, Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser in writing of:

(i)
any fact, circumstance, event or action the existence, occurrence or taking of which (A) has had, or could reasonably be expected
to have, individually or in the aggregate, a Seller Material Adverse Effect, (B) has resulted in, or could reasonably be expected to result
in, any representation or warranty made by Seller hereunder not being true and correct or (C) has resulted in, or could reasonably be
expected to result in, the failure of any of the conditions set forth in Section 8.2 to be satisfied;

(ii)
any notice or other communication from any Person alleging that the consent of such Person is or may be required in connection
with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;

(iii)
any notice or other communication from any Governmental Authority in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement;
and

(iv)
any actions commenced or, to Seller’s knowledge, threatened against, relating to or involving or otherwise affecting the
Purchased Assets that, if pending on the date of this Agreement, would have been required to have been disclosed pursuant to the terms
of this Agreement or that relates to the consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 16 of 29

(b)
Purchaser’s receipt of information pursuant to this Section 7.4 shall not operate as a waiver or otherwise affect
any representation, warranty or agreement given or made by Seller in this Agreement.

7.5.
Confidentiality. From and after the Closing, Seller shall, and shall cause its Affiliates to, hold, and shall use its reasonable
best efforts to cause its or their respective Representatives to hold, in confidence any and all information, whether written or oral,
concerning the Purchased Assets, except to the extent that Seller can show that such information (a) is generally available to and known
by the public through no fault of Seller, any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives; or (b) is lawfully acquired by Seller,
any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives from and after the Closing from sources which are not prohibited from disclosing
such information by a legal, contractual or fiduciary obligation. If Seller or any of its Affiliates or their respective Representatives
are compelled to disclose any information by judicial or administrative process or by other requirements of law, to the extent permitted
by law or Governmental Authority, Seller shall promptly notify Purchaser in writing and shall disclose only that portion of such information
which Seller is advised by its counsel in writing is legally required to be disclosed, provided that Seller shall use reasonable best
efforts to obtain an appropriate protective order or other reasonable assurance that confidential treatment will be accorded such information.

7.6.
Closing Conditions. From the date hereof until the Closing, each party hereto shall use reasonable best efforts to take such
actions as are necessary to expeditiously satisfy the closing conditions set forth in ARTICLE VIII hereof.

7.7.
Public Announcements. The Purchaser shall have the sole authority to publicly disclose the terms of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein, and the Seller shall not publicly disclose this Agreement or any terms hereof without the prior written
consent of the Purchaser.

ARTICLE
VIII.

CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

8.1.
Conditions to Obligations of All Parties. The obligations of each party to consummate the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement shall be subject to the fulfillment, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
No Governmental Authority shall have enacted, issued, promulgated, enforced or entered any Governmental Order which is in effect
and has the effect of making the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal, otherwise restraining or prohibiting consummation
of such transactions or causing any of the transactions contemplated hereunder to be rescinded following completion thereof.

(b)
Seller shall have received all consents, authorizations, orders and approvals, in each case, in form and substance reasonably satisfactory
to Purchaser and Seller, and no such consent, authorization, order and approval shall have been revoked.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 17 of 29

8.2.
Conditions to Obligations of Purchaser. The obligations of Purchaser to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be subject to the fulfillment or Purchaser’s waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
The representations and warranties of Seller contained in ARTICLE V shall be true and correct in all respects as of the
Closing Date with the same effect as though made at and as of such date (except those representations and warranties that address matters
only as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of that specified date), except where the failure of such
representations and warranties to be true and correct would not have a Seller Material Adverse Effect.

(b)
Seller shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions required by
this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date.

(c)
Seller shall have delivered to Purchaser duly executed counterparts to the Transaction Documents (other than this Agreement).

(d)
Purchaser shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of each Seller, that
each of the conditions set forth in Section 8.2(a) and Section 8.2(b) have been satisfied (the “Seller
Closing Certificate”).

(e)
Purchaser shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Seller certifying
that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors or managers of Seller authorizing
the execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection
with the transactions contemplated hereby and thereby.

(f)
Purchaser shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Seller certifying
the names and signatures of the officers of Seller authorized to sign this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the other documents
to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.

(g)
Purchaser shall have received an opinion of Hempstead & Co., LLC to the effect that, as of the date of such opinion and subject
to the assumptions, qualifications, limitations and such other factors deemed relevant by Hempstead & Co., LLC, as set forth in such
opinion, the Purchaser Price to be paid by Purchaser is fair, from a financial point of view, to Purchaser.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 18 of 29

(h)
Seller shall have delivered Purchaser a detailed business plan using a Churn Model detailing expected net profits of the Purchased
Assets for the 24 months of operation following the Closing, which model will be based on industry standards (player acquisition costs,
and LTV of players) which will support the valuation.

(i)
Since the date of this Agreement, there shall not have occurred any Seller Material Adverse Effect.

8.3.
Conditions to Obligations of Seller. The obligations of Seller to consummate the transactions contemplated by this Agreement
shall be subject to the fulfillment or Seller’ waiver, at or prior to the Closing, of each of the following conditions:

(a)
The representations and warranties of Purchaser contained in ARTICLE VI shall be true and correct in all respects as
of the Closing Date with the same effect as though made at and as of such date (except those representations and warranties that address
matters only as of a specified date, which shall be true and correct in all respects as of that specified date), except where the failure
of such representations and warranties to be true and correct would not have a material adverse effect on Purchaser’s ability to
consummate the transactions contemplated hereby.

(b)
Purchaser shall have duly performed and complied in all material respects with all agreements, covenants and conditions required
by this Agreement and each of the other Transaction Documents to be performed or complied with by it prior to or on the Closing Date.

(c)
Seller shall have received a certificate, dated the Closing Date and signed by a duly authorized officer of Purchaser, that each
of the conditions set forth in Section 8.3(a) and Section 8.3(b) have been satisfied (the “Purchaser
Closing Certificate”).

(d)
Seller shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Purchaser certifying
that attached thereto are true and complete copies of all resolutions adopted by the board of directors of Purchaser authorizing the execution,
delivery and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby
and thereby, and that all such resolutions are in full force and effect and are all the resolutions adopted in connection with the transactions
contemplated hereby and thereby.

(e)
Seller shall have received a certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary (or equivalent officer) of Purchaser certifying
the names and signatures of the officers of Purchaser authorized to sign this Agreement, the Transaction Documents and the other documents
to be delivered hereunder and thereunder.

(f)
Purchaser shall have filed a Listing of Additional Shares notice with Nasdaq disclosing the planned issuance of the Preferred Stock
Shares, Conversion Shares, Warrants and Warrant Shares.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 19 of 29

(g)
Purchaser shall have delivered to Seller a file stamped copy of the Designation as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware.

(h)
Purchaser shall have delivered to Seller a signed copy of the Common Stock Purchase Warrant evidencing the Warrants.

8.4.
Preferred Stock Shares. Within three (3) Business Days following the Closing, the Purchaser shall issue the Seller the Preferred
Stock Shares and shall provide the Seller a book entry statement showing the issuance thereof.

ARTICLE
IX.

INDEMNIFICATION

9.1.
Survival. Subject to the limitations set forth in this Agreement, the representations and warranties (other than the Fundamental
Representations and Warranties (as defined below)) contained herein shall survive the Closing and shall remain in full force and effect
until the date that is one (1) year from the Closing Date. All Fundamental Representations and Warranties (as defined below) and all related
rights to indemnification shall survive the Closing indefinitely. “Fundamental Representations and Warranties”
means the applicable party’s representations and warranties set forth in each of Sections 5.1, 5.2, 5.8, 5.9,
6.1, 6.2, 6.4 and 6.9 of this Agreement. None of the covenants or other agreements contained in this Agreement
shall survive the Closing Date other than those which by their terms contemplate performance after the Closing Date, and except for those
set forth under ARTICLE IX and ARTICLE XI and each such surviving covenant and agreement shall survive the Closing for the period contemplated
by its terms, or where no term is provided, three years. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any claims asserted in good faith with reasonable
specificity (to the extent known at such time) and in writing by notice from the non-breaching party to the breaching party prior to the
expiration date of the applicable survival period shall not thereafter be barred by the expiration of such survival period and such claims
shall survive until finally resolved.

9.2.
Indemnification. 

(a)
Indemnification by Seller. Seller shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Purchaser and its Representatives from and against
any and all Damages, whether or not involving a third-party claim, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of, relating
to or resulting from (i) any breach of a representation or warranty of Seller contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction
Document, (ii) any breach of a covenant of Seller contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document and/or (iii) any liability
related to the Purchased Assets first arising prior to the Closing Date.

(b)
Indemnification by Purchaser. Purchaser shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Seller from and against any and all Damages,
whether or not involving a third-party claim, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of, relating to or resulting from
(i) any breach of a representation or warranty of Purchaser contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document, (ii) any
breach of a covenant of Purchaser contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document and/or (iii) any liability related
to the Purchased Assets first arising on or after the Closing Date.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 20 of 29

9.3.
Indemnification Procedures. If any suit, action, proceeding (including any governmental
or regulatory investigation), claim or demand shall be brought or asserted against any Person in respect of which indemnification may
be sought pursuant to either Sections 9.2(a) or (b) above, such Person (the “Indemnified Person”)
shall promptly notify the Person against whom such indemnification may be sought (the “Indemnifying Person”)
in writing; provided that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person
shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have under Sections 9.2(a) or (b) above except to the extent that it
has been materially prejudiced by such failure; and provided, further,
that the failure to notify the Indemnifying Person shall not relieve it from any liability that it may have to an Indemnified Person otherwise
than under Sections 9.2(a) or (b) above. If any such proceeding shall be brought or asserted against an Indemnified Person,
the Indemnifying Person shall be entitled to participate in the defense thereof with counsel reasonably satisfactory to such Indemnified
Person; provided, however,
if the defendants in any such action include both the Indemnified Person and the Indemnifying Person and the Indemnified Person shall
have reasonably, based on advice of counsel, concluded that a conflict may arise between the positions of the Indemnifying Person and
the Indemnified Person in conducting the defense of any such action or that there may be legal defenses available to it and/or other Indemnified
Persons which are inconsistent with those available to the Indemnifying Person, the Indemnifying Person or Indemnifying Persons shall
have the right to select separate counsel to assume such legal defenses and to otherwise participate in the defense of such action on
behalf of such Indemnified Persons or Indemnified Persons (it being understood, however, that the Indemnifying Person shall not be liable
for the expenses of more than one separate counsel (together with local counsel (in each relevant jurisdiction)). If any proceeding is
settled with such consent or if there be a final judgment for the plaintiff, the Indemnifying Person agrees to indemnify each Indemnified
Person against any loss, claim, damage, liability or expense by reason of such settlement or judgment. No Indemnifying Person shall, without
the written consent of the Indemnified Person, effect any settlement, compromise or consent to the entry of judgment in any pending or
threatened action, suit or proceeding in respect of which any Indemnified Person is or could have been a party and indemnity was or could
have been sought hereunder by such Indemnified Person, unless such settlement, compromise or consent (A) includes an unconditional release
of such Indemnified Person from all liability on claims that are the subject matter of such action, suit or proceeding and (B) does not
include any statement as to or any admission of fault, culpability or a failure to act by or on behalf of any Indemnified Person. The
remedies provided for in this ARTICLE IX are not exclusive and shall not limit any rights or remedies that may otherwise be available
to any Indemnified Person at law or in equity.

9.4.
Certain Limitations. 

(a)
Seller shall not be liable until the aggregate amount of all Damages in respect of indemnification exceeds $25,000. The aggregate
amount of all Damages for which Seller shall be liable shall not exceed the Purchase Price. In no event shall Seller be liable for any
punitive, incidental, consequential, special or indirect damages, including loss of future revenue or income, loss of business reputation
or opportunity relating to the breach or alleged breach of this Agreement, or diminution of value or any damages based on any type of
multiple.

(b)
Purchaser shall not be liable until the aggregate amount of all Damages in respect of indemnification exceeds $25,000. The aggregate
amount of all Damages for which Purchaser shall be liable shall not exceed the Purchase Price. In no event shall Purchaser be liable for
any punitive, incidental, consequential, special or indirect damages, including loss of future revenue or income, loss of business reputation
or opportunity relating to the breach or alleged breach of this Agreement, or diminution of value or any damages based on any type of
multiple.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 21 of 29

ARTICLE
X.

TERMINATION

10.1.
Termination. This Agreement may be terminated at any time prior to the Closing:

(a)
by the mutual written consent of Seller and Purchaser;

(b)
by Purchaser by written notice to Seller if:

(v)
(i) Purchaser is not then in material breach of any provision of this Agreement and there has been a material breach, inaccuracy
in or failure to perform any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by Seller pursuant to this Agreement that would give
rise to the failure of any of the conditions specified in ARTICLE VIII and such breach, inaccuracy or failure cannot be cured
by Seller by September 30, 2024 (the “Drop Dead Date”); or

(vi)
any of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.2 shall not have been fulfilled by
the Drop Dead Date, unless such failure shall be due to the failure of Purchaser to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements
or conditions hereof to be performed or complied with by it prior to the Closing;

(c)
by Seller by written notice to Purchaser if:

(i)  Seller
is not then in material breach of any provision of this Agreement and there has been a material breach, inaccuracy in or failure to perform
any representation, warranty, covenant or agreement made by Purchaser pursuant to this Agreement that would give rise to the failure of
any of the conditions specified in  ARTICLE VIII and such breach, inaccuracy or failure cannot be cured by Purchaser by the Drop
Dead Date; or

(ii)  any
of the conditions set forth in Section 8.1 or Section 8.3 shall not have been fulfilled by the Drop
Dead Date, unless such failure shall be due to the failure of Seller to perform or comply with any of the covenants, agreements or conditions
hereof to be performed or complied with by it prior to the Closing; or

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 22 of 29

(d)
by Purchaser or Seller in the event that:

(vii)
there shall be any law that makes consummation of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement illegal or otherwise prohibited;
or

(viii)
any Governmental Authority shall have issued a Governmental Order restraining or enjoining the transactions contemplated by this
Agreement, and such Governmental Order shall have become final and non-appealable.

(ix)
by either party, if there has been a breach of any material representation, warranty, covenant, agreement, or undertaking made
by the other party in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, which breach, if curable, is not cured within ten (10) calendar
days after delivery by the non-breaching party to the breaching party of written notice, which shall specify the nature of such breach
and the breaching party’s intention to terminate this Agreement if such breach or failure is not cured (provided, however, that
if the cure reasonably requires more than ten (10) days to complete, then the breaching Party shall have an additional five (5) days,
provided it timely commences the cure and continues diligently prosecuting the cure to completion); provided further, however, that the
non-breaching Party shall be obligated to elect to terminate within ten (10) days of the end of the cure period (if applicable), or else
it shall be required to close regardless of such breach.

10.2.
Effect of Termination. In the event of the termination of this Agreement in accordance with this Article, this Agreement shall
forthwith become void and there shall be no liability on the part of any party hereto except: (a) as set forth in this ARTICLE X
and ARTICLE IX hereof; and (b) that nothing herein shall relieve any party hereto from liability for any intentional breach
of any provision hereof.

ARTICLE
XI.

POST-CLOSING OBLIGATIONS

11.1.
Assistance with Operations and Development. 

(a)
Following the Closing, as part of the Consideration paid by the Purchaser to the Seller, the Seller will provide support and assistance
to the Purchaser in connection with the building and launching of a fully operational casino operation utilizing the Purchased Assets,
at no cost to the Purchaser for a period of six (6) months following the Closing, provided that such assistance shall not exceed 40 hours
per week without the prior written approval of the Seller (the “Post-Closing Assistance”).

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 23 of 29

(b)
The Post-Closing Assistance will also require the Seller to assist the Purchaser with obtaining payment gateways and licensing
where required, acknowledging that Purchaser will require a Front End (the “Front-End Development”).

(c)
Following the Closing, at the request of the Purchaser, the Seller and Purchaser shall negotiate in good faith to come to agreement
on an arrangement whereby Seller will, for an additional cost agreed to by Seller, help Purchaser complete the Front-End Development,
or at the request of the Purchaser, Seller shall introduce the Purchaser to a vendor that would sell such a Front End for one or more
casinos that will operate on the Purchased Assets at a cost to be agreed between such vendor and the Purchaser, in the Purchasers sole
discretion. The Purchaser has sole discretion to determine which, if any, vendor it retains for the Front-End Development.

11.2.
Proxy Statement and Stockholder Meeting. 

(a)
In connection with the Stockholders Meeting, as soon as reasonably practicable following the Closing, Purchaser shall prepare and
file with the SEC the Proxy Statement. Purchaser shall use its reasonable best efforts to: (i) cause the Proxy Statement to be mailed
to Purchaser’s Stockholders as promptly as practicable following sign off from the SEC on such Proxy Statement, or no later than
the twentieth (20th) day after such preliminary Proxy Statement is filed with the SEC, in the event the SEC does not notify the Purchaser
of its intent to review such Proxy Statement, and (ii) ensure that the Proxy Statement complies in all material respects with the applicable
provisions of the Securities Act and Exchange Act.

(b)
Purchaser shall take all action necessary to duly call, give notice of, convene, and hold the Stockholders Meeting as soon as reasonably
practicable, and, in connection therewith, Purchaser shall mail the Proxy Statement to the holders of Purchaser Common Stock in advance
of such meeting. The Company shall use reasonable best efforts to: (a) solicit from the holders of Purchaser Common Stock proxies in favor
of Stockholder Approval; and (b) take all other actions necessary or advisable to secure Stockholder Approval. Purchaser shall keep Seller
updated with respect to proxy solicitation results as requested by Seller. Once the Stockholders Meeting has been called and noticed,
Purchaser and its Representatives shall not postpone or adjourn the Stockholders Meeting without the consent of Seller (other than: (i)
in order to obtain a quorum of its stockholders; or (ii) as reasonably determined by Purchaser to comply with applicable law).

11.3.
Public Announcements. The Purchaser shall have the sole authority to publicly disclose the terms of this Agreement and the
transactions contemplated herein, and the Seller shall not publicly disclose this Agreement or any terms hereof without the prior written
consent of the Purchaser.

11.4.
No Further Transfer of Purchased Assets. Following the Closing, and in perpetuity the Seller shall never copy, sell, assign,
hypothecate, or otherwise transfer the Purchased Assets to any other party, without the prior written consent of the Purchaser, the Purchaser
shall be the sole owner of the Purchased Assets, subject to the Elray Rights, and the Seller shall use its commercially reasonable best
efforts to ensure that the Purchaser, subject to the Elray Rights, is the sole owner of, and has the sole rights to, the Purchased Assets.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 24 of 29

11.5.
Rights to Purchased Assets. Seller confirms that no other copies of the Purchased Assets have been sold, or leased, to any
Person other than the Purchaser hereunder and that no Person shall be granted or transferred any future rights to the Purchased Assets
by or from the Seller, except that the Seller shall be authorized to retain and use the Purchased Assets for its own benefit and utilize
such assets to provide SAAS solutions and hosted casino solutions to third party companies. The obligations of the Seller set forth in
this Section 11.5 shall survive in perpetuity. The rights of the Purchaser set forth in this Section 11.5 shall be defined
as the “Exclusive Rights”.

ARTICLE
XII.

MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

12.1.
Amendments and Waivers. This Agreement may not be amended, supplemented or modified, except by an agreement in writing signed
by each of the parties. Either party may waive compliance by the other party with any term or provision of this Agreement; provided that
such waiver shall not operate as a waiver of, or estoppel with respect to, any other or subsequent failure. No waiver shall be effective
unless it is in writing and is signed by the party asserted to have granted such waiver.

12.2.
Notices. All notices, approvals, consents, requests, and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered
(i) by personal delivery, or (ii) by international overnight courier service (which is mandatory with respect to any other Party not in
the sending Party’s country), or (iii) by certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, or (iv) via facsimile transmission,
with confirmed receipt, or (v) via email, with no error/undeliverable message. Notice shall be effective upon receipt except for notice
via fax (as discussed above) or email, which shall be effective only when the recipient, by return or reply email or notice delivered
by other method provided for in this Section 12.2, acknowledges having received that email (with an automatic “read
receipt” or similar notice not constituting an acknowledgement of an email receipt for purposes of this Section 12.2,
but which acknowledgement of acceptance shall also include cases where recipient ‘replies’ to such prior email, including
the body of the prior email in such ‘reply’). Such notices shall be sent to the applicable Party or Parties at the address
specified below, subject to notice of changes thereof from any Party with at least ten (10) Business Days’ notice to the other Parties.
Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of which no notice was given shall be deemed
to be receipt of the notice as of the date of such rejection, refusal or inability to deliver.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 25 of 29

If to Seller:

 Attn:

 Vincent Cai

 General Manager

 Elray Resources Inc

 3651 Lindell Rd, Ste D131

 Las Vegas NV 89103

 legal@elraygaming.com

If to Purchaser:

Attn: Blair Jordan

Interim Chief Executive Officer

180 Life Sciences Corp.

3000 El Camino Real, Bldg.
4, Suite 200

Palo Alto, California 94306

Email: bjordan@180lifesciences.com

With copy to (which shall not constitute notice):

The Loev Law Firm, PC

Attn: David M. Loev and John S. Gillies

6300 West Loop South, Suite 280

Bellaire, Texas 77401

Fax: +1 (713) 524-4122 

Email: dloev@loevlaw.com; and john@loevlaw.com

Any party may alter its notice
address by notifying the other parties of such change of address in conformity with the provisions of this section.

12.3.
Governing Law; Assignments Prohibited; Successors and Assigns; No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is to be construed
in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law, rule or
regulation (whether of the State of Delaware or other jurisdiction) which would cause the application of any law, rule or regulation other
than of the State of Delaware. Seller shall not assign, or suffer or permit an assignment (by operation of law or otherwise) of, its rights
or obligations under or interest in this Agreement without the prior written consent of Purchaser. Any purported assignment or other disposition
by Seller, except as permitted herein, shall be null and void. Subject to the foregoing, this Agreement shall be binding upon and shall
inure to the benefit of the parties and their respective successors and permitted assigns. The terms and provisions of this Agreement
are intended solely for the benefit of each party hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns, and the parties do not
intend to confer third-party beneficiary rights upon any other person.

12.4.
Limitation on Consequential Damages. EXCEPT IN THE CASE OF FRAUD BY SELLER, NEITHER PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER FOR
LOSS OF PROFITS, OR ANY OTHER INDIRECT OR SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, HOWEVER CAUSED, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. THE PARTIES ACKNOWLEDGE THAT THESE LIMITATIONS ON POTENTIAL LIABILITIES WERE AN ESSENTIAL ELEMENT IN SETTING
CONSIDERATION UNDER THIS AGREEMENT.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 26 of 29

12.5.
Arm’s Length Negotiations. Each party herein expressly represents and warrants to all other parties hereto that (a) before
executing this Agreement, said party has fully informed itself of the terms, contents, conditions and effects of this Agreement; (b) said
party has relied solely and completely upon its own judgment in executing this Agreement; (c) said party has had the opportunity to seek
and has obtained the advice of its own legal, tax and business advisors before executing this Agreement; (d) said party has acted voluntarily
and of its own free will in executing this Agreement; and (e) this Agreement is the result of arm’s length negotiations conducted
by and among the Parties and their respective counsel.

12.6.
Remedies. The remedies provided in this Agreement shall be cumulative and in addition to all other remedies available under
this Agreement, at law or in equity (including a decree of specific performance and/or other injunctive relief).

12.7.
Dispute Resolution. The exclusive venue for all actions or disputes relating to this Agreement or to the Transaction shall
be the state or federal courts located in the State of Delaware, and the parties hereto hereby agree (i) to promptly and voluntarily submit
to the jurisdiction of such court and (ii) not to assert, by way of motion, as a defense, or otherwise in any such suit, action or proceeding
that the suit, action or proceeding is brought in an inconvenient forum, that the venue of the suit, action or proceeding is improper
or that this Agreement or the subject matter hereof may not be enforced by such courts.

12.8.
JURY TRIAL WAIVER. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT NOT PROHIBITED BY APPLICABLE LAW, WHICH CANNOT BE WAIVED, EACH OF THE PARTIES HEREBY
KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY, INTENTIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY AND ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION OR PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE
OR DEFEND ANY RIGHT, POWER, REMEDY OR DEFENSE ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT, WHETHER SOUNDING IN TORT OR CONTRACT OR OTHERWISE,
OR WITH RESPECT TO ANY COURSE OR CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ACTIONS OF ANY PARTY RELATING TO
THIS AGREEMENT; AND AGREES THAT ANY SUCH ACTION OR PROCEEDING SHALL BE TRIED BEFORE A JUDGE AND NOT BEFORE A JURY.

12.9.
Counterparts, Effect of Facsimile, Emailed and Photocopied Signatures. This Agreement and any signed agreement or instrument
entered into in connection with this Agreement, and any amendments hereto or thereto, may be executed in one or more counterparts, all
of which shall constitute one and the same instrument. Any such counterpart, to the extent delivered by means of a facsimile machine or
by .pdf, .tif, .gif, .jpeg or similar attachment to electronic mail (any such delivery, an “Electronic Delivery”)
shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original executed counterpart and shall be considered to have the same binding legal
effect as if it were the original signed version thereof delivered in person. At the request of any Party, each other Party shall re execute
the original form of this Agreement and deliver such form to all other Parties. No Party shall raise the use of Electronic Delivery to
deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of Electronic
Delivery as a defense to the formation of a contract, and each such Party forever waives any such defense, except to the extent such defense
relates to lack of authenticity.

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 27 of 29

12.10.
Severability; Entire Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement, or the application of any such provision to any Person
or set of circumstances, shall be determined to be invalid, unlawful, void or unenforceable to any extent, the remainder of this Agreement,
and the application of such provision to Persons or circumstances other than those as to which it is determined to be invalid, unlawful,
void or unenforceable, shall not be impaired or otherwise affected and shall continue to be valid and enforceable to the fullest extent
permitted by law. This Agreement contains the entire understanding between the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof
and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous agreements and understandings, inducements or conditions, express or implied, oral or written,
between the parties. The parties intend that this Agreement be the several, complete and exclusive embodiment of their agreement, and
that any evidence, oral or written, of a prior or contemporaneous agreement that alters or modifies this Agreement shall not be admissible
in any proceeding concerning this Agreement. The express terms hereof control and supersede any course of performance and/or usage of
the trade inconsistent with any of the terms hereof.

12.11.
Interpretation and Construction. Unless otherwise indicated herein, with respect to any reference made in this Agreement to
a Section (or Article, Subsection, Paragraph, Subparagraph or Clause), exhibit or Schedule, such reference shall be to a section (or article,
subsection, paragraph, subparagraph or clause) of, or an exhibit or schedule to, this Agreement. The table of contents and any article,
section, subsection, paragraph or subparagraph headings contained in this Agreement are for reference purposes only and shall not affect
in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Agreement. Whenever the words “include,” “includes”
or “including” are used in this Agreement, they shall be deemed, as the context indicates, to be followed by
the words “but (is/are) not limited to.” Words used herein, regardless of the number and gender specifically
used, shall be deemed and construed to include any other number, singular or plural, and any other gender, masculine, feminine or neuter,
as the context indicates is appropriate. Where specific language is used to clarify or illustrate by example a general statement contained
herein, such specific language shall not be deemed to modify, limit or restrict the construction of the general statement which is being
clarified or illustrated. The construction of this Agreement shall not take into consideration the party who drafted or whose representative
drafted any portion of this Agreement, and no canon of construction shall be applied that resolves ambiguities against the drafter of
a document. The parties are sophisticated and have been represented by lawyers throughout this transaction who have carefully negotiated
the provisions hereof. As a consequence, the parties do not believe the presumption relating to the interpretation of contracts against
the drafter of any particular clause should be applied in this case and therefore waive its effects. All exhibits attached hereto are
hereby incorporated by reference into, and made a part of, this Agreement.

12.12.
Expenses of the Parties. Whether or not the Transaction is consummated, all fees and expenses incurred in connection with the
Transaction including, but not limited to, all legal, accounting, financial, advisory, consulting and all other fees and expenses of third
parties incurred by a party in connection with the negotiation and effectuation of the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the
Transaction contemplated hereby, shall be the obligation of the respective party incurring such fees and expenses.

12.13.
Further Assurances. Each party agrees to furnish upon request to each other party such further information, to execute and
deliver to each other party such other documents and to do such other acts and things, all as another party may reasonably request for
the purpose of carrying out the intent of this Agreement and the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

[SIGNATURES APPEAR ON FOLLOWING PAGE.]

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 28 of 29

IN WITNESS WHEREOF,
each of the parties has caused this Agreement to be executed on its behalf by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized all
as of the date first written above.

  “Purchaser”:

 180 Life Sciences Corp.

 By:

 /s/ Blair Jordan

 Name:

 Blair Jordan

 Title:

 Interim Chief Executive Officer

 “Seller”:

 Elray Resources, Inc.

 By:

 /s/ Anthony Goodman  

 Name:

  Anthony Goodman

 Title:

 CEO

Asset Purchase Agreement 
 Page 29 of 29

EXHIBIT A

[See attached Form of Designation of Series
B Convertible Preferred Stock]

A-1

EXHIBIT B

PURCHASED ASSETS

The Purchased Assets include:

Source code:

1.
Back-End to support Blockchain casino operations.  A server/cloud server infrastructure, database,
and blockchain payment processing system specifically for casino game programming, fully secure and scalable.

2.
Blockchain to FIAT Seamless Exchange Technology: Allows players to deposit and withdraw in
Crypto or blockchain currency and at the same time maintain the wallets as well as the gaming sessions where the player can only play
in FIAT. This is proprietary tech and not easily accessible. Games by third parties only operate in FIAT but Blockchain casinos only accept
Crypto hence the need for this advanced tech.

3.
Blockchain APIS’ for Payment Gateway Integration. Integrates reliable FIAT to Blockchain
and Blockchain to FIAT payment gateways to facilitate deposits and withdrawals but to maintain Online Casino system operation blockchain
only. Support various payment methods, including credit cards, e-wallets, and multiple cryptocurrencies.

4.
Player Account Management. Creates a system to manage player accounts securely, includes registration,
login, and player profile management, KYC and AML functionality.

5.
Loyalty Systems specific to blockchain users: Is a CRM system that communicates with players
and creates loyalty and higher LTV

6.
Affiliate Tracking System: This system provides an ability to track incoming traffic and
 registrations and allows casino to pay referral fees and royalties to agents or affiliates and understand where traffic originates
 from And all Intellectual Property
and source code associated therewith.

Purchased Assets will not
include Front-End Development. 

B-1

EXHIBIT C

BILL OF SALE

For good and valuable consideration,
the receipt and adequacy of which are hereby acknowledged, Elray Resources, Inc., a Nevada corporation (“Seller”),
does hereby grant, bargain, transfer, sell, assign, convey and deliver to 180 Life Sciences Corp., a company incorporated in the State
of Delaware (“Purchaser”), all of its right, title, and interest in and to the Purchased Assets, as such term
is defined in the Asset Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 27, 2024 (the “Purchase Agreement”), by and
between Seller and Purchaser, to have and to hold the same unto Purchaser, its successors and assigns, forever.

Seller for itself, its successors
and assignees, hereby covenants and agrees that, at any time and from time to time upon the written request of Purchaser, Seller will,
at its own expense do, execute, acknowledge, and deliver or cause to be done, executed, acknowledged, and delivered, all such further
acts, deeds, assignments, transfers, conveyances, powers of attorney, and assurances as may be reasonably required by Purchaser in order
to assign, transfer, set over, convey, assure, and confirm unto and vest in Purchaser, its successors and assigns, title to the assets
sold, conveyed, and transferred by this Bill of Sale.

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller
has duly executed this Bill of Sale as of September 27, 2024.

 SELLER:

 ELRAY RESOURCES, INC.

 By:

 /s/ Anthony Goodman  

 Name:

 Anthony Goodman

 Title:

 CEO

C-1

EXHIBIT D

[See attached]

Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement
 D-1

INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT

This INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY
ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT (“IP Assignment”), dated as of September 27, 2024, is made by Elray Resources, Inc., a
Nevada corporation (“Seller”), in favor of 180 Life Sciences Corp., a Delaware corporation (“Purchaser”),
the purchaser of certain assets of Seller pursuant to an Asset Purchase Agreement between Purchaser and Seller, dated as of September
27, 2024 (the “Asset Purchase Agreement”). Certain capitalized terms used herein but not otherwise defined have
the meanings given to such terms in the Asset Purchase Agreement.

WHEREAS, under the terms of
the Asset Purchase Agreement, Seller has conveyed, transferred, and assigned to Purchaser, among other assets, certain intellectual property
of Seller, and has agreed to execute and deliver this IP Assignment, for recording with the United States Patent and Trademark Office,
the United States Copyright Office, and corresponding entities or agencies in any applicable jurisdictions;

NOW THEREFORE, Seller agrees
as follows:

1. Assignment.
For good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, Seller hereby irrevocably conveys,
transfers, and assigns to Purchaser all of Seller’s right, title, and interest in and to the following (the “Assigned IP”):

(a) the unregistered trademarks
owned by the Seller relating to the Purchased Assets (the “Trademarks”), with the use of, and symbolized by,
the Trademarks, and the copyright owned by the Seller in connection with the Purchased Assets and associated content in the relevant recognized
assets (the “Copyrights,” and, together with the Trademarks, the “Intellectual Property”)
as set forth on Exhibit B to the Asset Purchase Agreement;

(b) all rights of any kind whatsoever
of Seller accruing under any of the foregoing provided by applicable law of any jurisdiction, by international treaties and conventions,
and otherwise throughout the world;

(c) any and all royalties, fees,
income, payments, and other proceeds now or hereafter due or payable with respect to any and all of the foregoing; and

(d) any and all claims and causes
of action with respect to any of the foregoing, whether accruing before, on, or after the date hereof, including all rights to and claims
for damages, restitution, and injunctive and other legal and equitable relief for past, present, and future infringement, dilution, misappropriation,
violation, misuse, breach, or default, with the right but no obligation to sue for such legal and equitable relief and to collect, or
otherwise recover, any such damages.

Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement
 D-2

2. Recordation
and Further Actions. Seller hereby authorizes the Commissioner for Patents and the Commissioner for Trademarks in the United States
Patent and Trademark Office, the Register of Copyrights in the United States Copyright Office, and the officials of corresponding entities
or agencies in any applicable jurisdictions to record and register this IP Assignment upon request by Purchaser. Following the date hereof,
Seller shall take such steps and actions, and provide such cooperation and assistance to Purchaser and its successors, assigns, and legal
representatives, including the execution and delivery of any affidavits, declarations, oaths, exhibits, assignments, powers of attorney,
or other documents, as may be necessary to effect, evidence, or perfect the assignment of the Assigned IP to Purchaser, or any assignee
or successor thereto.

3. Terms
of the Asset Purchase Agreement. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that this IP Assignment is entered into pursuant to the
Asset Purchase Agreement, to which reference is made for a further statement of the rights and obligations of Seller and Purchaser with
respect to the Assigned IP. The representations, warranties, covenants, agreements, and indemnities contained in the Asset Purchase Agreement
shall not be superseded hereby but shall remain in full force and effect to the full extent provided therein. In the event of any conflict
or inconsistency between the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement and the terms hereof, the terms of the Asset Purchase Agreement shall
govern.

4. Counterparts.
This IP Assignment may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall be deemed
one and the same agreement. A signed copy of this IP Assignment delivered by facsimile, e-mail, or other means of electronic transmission
shall be deemed to have the same legal effect as delivery of an original signed copy of this IP Assignment.

5. Successors
and Assigns. This IP Assignment shall be binding upon and shall inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors
and assigns.

6. Governing
Law. This IP Assignment and any claim, controversy, dispute, or cause of action (whether in contract, tort, or otherwise) based upon,
arising out of, or relating to this IP Assignment and the transactions contemplated hereby shall be governed by, and construed in accordance
with, the laws of the United States and the State of DELAWARE, without giving effect to any choice or conflict of law provision or rule
(whether of the State of DELAWARE or any other jurisdiction).

Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement
 D-3

IN
WITNESS WHEREOF, Seller has duly executed and delivered this IP Assignment as of the date first above written.

 SELLER:

 ELRAY RESOURCES, INC.

 By:

 /s/ Anthony Goodman  

 Name:

 Anthony Goodman

 Title:

 CEO

 Address for Notices:

 ELRAY RESOURCES, INC.

 Attention: Vincent Cai

 E-mail: Legal@elraygaming.com

Intellectual Property Purchase Agreement
 D-4

EXHIBIT E

[See attached]

Common Stock Purchase Warrant

E-1