EX-10.3
12
tm2419663d1_ex10-3.htm
EXHIBIT 10.3

Exhibit 10.3

EXECUTION VERSION

INTERCOMPANY LICENSE AGREEMENT

THIS INTERCOMPANY LICENSE
AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is entered into as of July 22, 2024 (the “Effective Date”), by and
between Muvico, LLC, a Texas limited liability company (“Licensor”), on the one hand, and American Multi-Cinema, Inc.,
a Missouri corporation (“Licensee”), on the other hand. Licensor and Licensee are sometimes referred to in this Agreement
collectively as the “Parties” and each individually as a “Party.”

A.            This
Agreement is made and entered into in connection with the closing of the transactions contemplated by that certain Asset Transfer Agreement
(the “ATA”), dated as of July 22, 2024, by and among, Licensor, Licensee and Centertainment Development, LLC
(“CDL”).

B.            The
Parties are members of a group of affiliated companies as of the Effective Date.

C.            Licensee
assigned its entire ownership interest in and to the Licensed IP (as defined below), along with the associated goodwill, to Licensor
in that certain Intellectual Property Assignment Agreement (the “IP Assignment Agreement”), dated as of July 22,
2024, by and between Licensor and Licensee.

D.            Licensor
and Licensee are party to that certain Management Services Agreement (the “MSA”), dated as of July 22, 2024,
by and between Licensor and Licensee, pursuant to which Licensee has agreed to manage and operate certain movie theatres owned or leased
by Licensor.

E.            Subject
to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Licensee desires to obtain from Licensor, and Licensor desires to grant to Licensee, a
license to use the Licensed IP in connection with the operation of the Business (as defined below) in accordance with the terms and conditions
of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration
of the mutual covenants and undertakings contained in this Agreement, and for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency
of which is acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows:

1.             Definitions.
In this Agreement, the following capitalized terms shall have the meanings specified in this Section 1. Capitalized terms
used but not defined herein shall have the respective meanings to such terms in the ATA.

1.1            “Agreement”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.2            “Affiliates”
shall mean with respect to any Person, any other Person directly or indirectly controlling, controlled by or under direct or indirect
common control with such Person. For the purposes of this definition, “control” when used with respect to any specified Person
means the power to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person, directly or indirectly, whether through
the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise, and the terms “controlling” and “controlled” have
meanings correlative of the foregoing.

1.3            “ATA”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.4            “Business”
shall mean (i) the operation and management of movie theatres owned or leased, or managed on behalf of third parties under the “AMC”
brand, by Licensee or any of its Affiliates, (ii) the production and distribution of motion picture films or other live or recorded
entertainment by or on behalf of Licensee or any of its Affiliates, or (iii) the manufacture, distribution and sale of food and
beverage products, concession items and merchandise by or on behalf of Licensee or any of its Affiliates, including the sale of any of
the foregoing at third party retail locations.

1.5            “Business
Day” shall mean a day (other than a Saturday or Sunday) on which banks are open for business in Leawood, Kansas.

1.6            “CDL”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.7            “Claim”
has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.

1.8            “Confidential
Information” has the meaning set forth in Section 15.1.

1.9            “Debt
Documentation” means (i) with respect to the Term Loans, the Term Loan Credit Agreement, and (ii) with respect to
the Exchangeable Notes, the Exchangeable Notes Indenture.

1.10          “Discharge
of Licensor Indebtedness” means the satisfaction and discharge in full of all principal, interest, fees, costs, expenses, premiums
and other debts and liabilities owing by Licensor under the Debt Documentation.

1.11          “Effective
Date” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.12          “Exchangeable
Notes” means the Licensor’s 6.00%/8.00% Cash/PIK Toggle Senior Secured Exchangeable Notes due 2030 issued under the Exchangeable
Notes Indenture.

1.13          “Exchangeable
Notes Indenture” means that certain Indenture, dated as of July 22, 2024, among the Licensor, CDL, the guarantors party
thereto from time to time and GLAS Trust Company LLC, as trustee and collateral agent.

1.14          “Fiscal
Year” means the fiscal year of Licensee.

1.15          “Gross
Revenues” means, for any period, all revenues of the Business received by Licensee or any of its Affiliates other than Licensor
or any of Licensor’s subsidiaries, including, but not limited to, those from movie tickets, the manufacture, distribution and sale
of food and beverage products, concessions, merchandise sales and sublicensing fees, in each case, for such period, net of sales taxes
payable in connection with the foregoing. Gross Revenues will not include: (i) complimentary passes or rain checks; (ii) all
sums or credits received in settlement of claims for loss or damage to merchandise; (iii) any exchange of merchandise between movie
theatres where such exchange is made solely for the convenient operation of a movie theatre and not for the purpose of consummating a
sale made in, at or from such movie theatre; (iv) cash or credit refunds to patrons on transactions otherwise included in Gross
Revenues; (v) sales of machinery and equipment after use thereof in the operation of a movie theatre; (vi) sales by any subtenant,
sublicensee or any other Person permitted by Licensee to use the premises (in each case other than an Affiliate of Licensee); (vii) the
amount of any discount on sales to employees; (viii) subleasing revenues; or (ix) sales of gift cards, package tickets, gift
certificates and similar deferred revenue products but solely to the extent that Gross Revenues include allocable amounts upon use or
redemption of such gift cards, package tickets, gift certificates and similar deferred revenue products, in each case of (i) –
(ix) in the ordinary course consistent with past practice.

2 

1.16            “Holder”
means any holder or beneficial owner of an Exchangeable Note.

1.17            “Indemnified
Parties” has the meaning set forth in Section 8.1.

1.18            “Initial
Term” has the meaning set forth in Section 11.1.

1.19            “IP
Assignment Agreement” has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.20            “License
Fee” has the meaning set forth in Section 3.

1.21            “Licensee”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.22            “Licensed
IP” shall mean the Transferred Intellectual Property, including the Registered Transferred Intellectual Property set forth
on Exhibit A and Exhibit B.

1.23            “Licensor”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.24            “Parties”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.25            “Party”
has the meaning set forth in the Recitals.

1.26            “Person”
shall mean any individual or corporation, association, partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, joint stock or other company,
business trust, trust, organization, governmental or regulatory body or authority or other entity of any kind.

1.27            “Re-Branding
Period” has the meaning set forth in Section 2.3.

1.28            “Term”
has the meaning set forth in Section 11.2.

1.29            “Term
Lenders” has the meaning set forth in the definition of “Term Loan Credit Agreement”.

1.30            “Term
Loans” means the “Loans” under and as defined in the Term Loan Credit Agreement.

1.31            “Term
Loan Credit Agreement” means that certain Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, among the Licensor, as a borrower,
AMC Entertainment Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, as a borrower, the lenders from time to time party thereto (the “Term
Lenders”) and Wilmington Savings Fund Society, FSB, as administrative agent and as collateral agent.

3 

1.32            “Territory”
shall mean the entire world.

2.             License
Grant to Intellectual Property.

2.1              Licensor
hereby grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferrable (except as expressly permitted by Section 14), non-sub-licensable
(except as set forth in Section  2.2), royalty-bearing (as set forth in Section 3), license to use the Licensed
IP in the operation of the Business in the Territory for the duration of the Term.

2.2              Licensee
may sublicense its rights under the Agreement (a) without Licensor’s consent to: (i) an Affiliate of Licensee, but only
for so long as such entity is an Affiliate of Licensee and such sublicense shall terminate when such entity ceases to be an Affiliate
of Licensee and (ii) in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practice to (A) vendors, contractors and service
providers to facilitate their provision of services for or on behalf of Licensee or its Affiliates or (B) customers of Licensee
and its Affiliates to facilitate their receipt of management services by or on behalf of Licensee or its Affiliates; and (b) to
any other third party with the prior written consent of Licensor, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided that
in each case of the foregoing, Licensee assumes liability for the acts and omissions of its sublicensees with respect to their operations
pursuant to this Agreement and Licensee guarantees payment of the License Fee owed to Licensor pursuant to this Agreement. For the avoidance
of doubt, all payments received by any Affiliate of Licensee shall be included in the calculation of Gross Revenues, subject to the exclusions
expressly set forth in the definition thereof. Any sublicense granted by Licensee after the Effective Date pursuant to and in accordance
with Section 2.2(b) must (x) include a written agreement by the applicable sublicensee to assume and otherwise
comply with all applicable obligations of Licensee hereunder with regard to the Licensed IP, and (y) must be approved in writing
by Licensor (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 2.2
shall require that any preexisting license or sublicense agreements between Licensee or its Affiliates, on the one hand, and any
third parties, on the other hand, be amended or terminated.

2.3              Notwithstanding
anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, Licensee’s license to use the Licensed IP granted pursuant to Section 2.1
of this Agreement and any and all sublicenses granted by Licensee pursuant to Section 2.2 shall continue after the termination
or expiration of this Agreement solely to the extent and duration reasonably necessary to allow Licensee or any third party operating
a movie theatre on behalf or at the direction of Licensee to remove all Licensed IP from each applicable movie theatre, giving due consideration
to the requirements of the jurisdiction in which such movie theatre is located, but in no event for a period in excess of twelve (12)
months following such termination or expiration (the “Re-Branding Period”); provided that if this Agreement
is terminated pursuant to Section 12.5 on account of a breach of the MSA by Licensee, the Re-Branding Period shall be limited
to sixty (60) days. For the avoidance of doubt, the License Fee shall continue to be payable during the Re-Branding Period.

3.             License
Fee. In consideration for the license granted to Licensee pursuant to Section 2 of this Agreement, Licensee shall pay
Licensor a license fee in an amount equal to one-half of one percent (0.5%) of the Gross Revenues of Licensee’s and its Affiliates’
operation of the Business for each Fiscal Year of the Term (“License Fee”). The License Fee shall be paid by Licensee
to Licensor on a quarterly basis, and Licensee shall render quarterly a statement setting forth, in reasonable detail the amount then
payable, along with reasonable supporting documentation sufficient to allow Licensor to verify the calculation of such License Fee. Upon
Licensor’s reasonable request, Licensee shall provide to Licensor such other information as Licensor may from time to time reasonably
require for the purposes of calculating the License Fee.

4 

4.             Quality
Control for the Licensed IP. Licensee acknowledges the high standards, quality and reputation of the Licensed IP and that the quality
control provisions of this Section 4 are necessary to ensure that all uses of such Licensed IP by Licensee are consistent
with the reputation for high quality symbolized by such Licensed IP and attributed to Licensor. Licensee shall maintain the quality of
the products and services of its Business at a level at least equal to the level of quality of the products and services of its Business
immediately prior to the Effective Date. Licensee shall not use any Licensed IP in any manner that would reflect adversely on the reputation
for high quality symbolized by such Licensed IP, nor in any other manner not expressly permitted by the license grant set forth in Section 2.1.
Licensee shall not engage in any conduct that would be reasonably likely to place such Licensed IP or Licensor in a negative light or
context. Licensee shall not use such Licensed IP in any manner that would be reasonably likely to devalue, injure, demean, disparage
or dilute the reputation of such Licensed IP.

5.             Ownership.
Licensee acknowledges and agrees that the Licensed IP and all rights therein are, and shall be, owned exclusively by Licensor, and any
and all goodwill that arises from Licensee’s and its sublicensees’ use of the Licensed IP shall inure to the sole benefit
of the Licensor. To the extent that any right, title or interest in or to any Licensed IP vests, by operation of applicable Law or otherwise
in Licensee or any of its sublicensees, Licensee hereby irrevocably assigns (and shall cause such sublicensees to irrevocably assign)
to Licensor all worldwide right, title and interest therein and thereto.

6.             Registration,
Maintenance, and Enforcement of Licensed IP.

6.1              Licensor
shall use commercially reasonable efforts to maintain the registrations for the Licensed IP during the Term, and, subject to its reasonable
business judgment, shall ensure that all post-registration filings and renewal applications, including any registration, renewal or maintenance
fees, required by a government entity or by applicable law in connection with the foregoing are completed and paid in a timely manner.
At Licensor’s reasonable request, Licensee shall cooperate with Licensor to provide information reasonably required by Licensee
to submit to the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and relevant offices in foreign jurisdictions such post-registration filings and renewal
applications. At Licensee’s reasonable request during the Term and at Licensee’s expense, Licensor shall prepare and file
new applications to register the Licensed IP with the US Patent and Trademark Office or any applicable state government entity, subject
to Licensor’s reasonable business judgment. At Licensee’s reasonable request and sole cost, Licensor shall, during the Term,
provide Licensee with copies of documentation relating to the preparation, filing, prosecution and maintenance of Licensed IP in the
Territory. Licensee shall not, whether during or following the Term, directly or indirectly challenge (or assist any other Person in
challenging) the validity or enforceability of, or Licensor’s ownership of or rights in, any of the Licensed IP.

5 

6.2             As
between the Parties, and except as provided in this Agreement, Licensor shall be solely responsible for the payment of all costs associated
with the enforcement, prosecution, and maintenance of the registrations for and applications for registration of the Licensed IP, and
the enforcement and defense of the Licensed IP. Licensor may, in its sole discretion, remove Licensee as its agent with respect to any
of its maintenance obligations hereunder, including the payment of any registration, renewal or maintenance fees and filing of documents
with the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office and relevant offices in foreign jurisdictions.

6.3              During
the Term, each Party shall promptly inform the other of any potential infringements, dilution, or other misuse of any Licensed IP in
the Territory, or use of any marks or designs confusingly similar to any Licensed IP, or if either Party receives notice of any claims
from any third party alleging that any Licensed IP (or such Party’s use thereof) infringes or otherwise violates the rights of
a third party. Licensor shall have the first right to commence, control or respond to any such action or claim, and the authority and
sole control of the defense or settlement of such claim, including the negotiation, litigation, prosecution or settlement of any such
action or claim, as well as the first right to recover profits and damages from such actions. Licensee shall cooperate with all reasonable
requests for assistance by Licensor in connection with the foregoing, including by joining and being named as a party in any related
court proceedings. Subject to privilege considerations, Licensor shall provide Licensee copies of all notices, complaints, court proceedings,
and other documentation relating to the foregoing, and Licensee will have the option to participate in any such proceeding and be represented
by counsel of its choosing (but reasonably approved by Licensor) at its cost and expense.

6.4              If
Licensor fails to bring an action or proceeding with respect to infringement of the Licensed IP within ninety (90) days following notice
by Licensee or any alleged third party infringement, dilution of misuse of the Licensed IP or use of confusingly similar marks to any
Licensed IP (except where Licensor declined to bring such action or proceeding due to Licensor’s reasonable assessment that such
action or proceeding would not be in the best interests of Licensor, the Business, or the Licensed IP portfolio), or Licensor requests
Licensee assume control of any such action, then Licensee shall have the right to bring and control any such action, by counsel of its
choosing. To the extent Licensee assumes such control, all costs associated with an action shall be at Licensee’s sole expense,
and any settlement must be approved by Licensor in writing, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Licensor shall
cooperate with all reasonable requests for assistance by Licensee in connection with the foregoing, including being named as a party
in any related court proceedings. Unless otherwise agreed by the Parties in writing, any damages or other payments (including settlement
payments) arising in connection with any such proceedings shall, as between the Parties and their respective Affiliates, accrue solely
and exclusively to Licensor.

7.             Representations
and Warranties.

7.1              Licensee
represents and warrants to Licensor that (a) this Agreement, and the License Fee to be paid by Licensee to Licensor pursuant to
this Agreement, are and will all be for reasonably equivalent value, and are and will all be made for fair consideration and in good
faith and (b) Licensee’s use of the Licensed IP shall not be in conflict with any other agreement.

6 

7.2              Each
Party represents and warrants to the other Party, that: (a) it is duly authorized and licensed to do business and carry out its
obligations under this Agreement; (b) it has full power and authority to enter into this Agreement and the execution, delivery and
performance of this Agreement has been authorized by all necessary corporate action; (c) it has obtained all third party consents
required to enter into this Agreement and neither the execution, delivery or performance of this Agreement will conflict with or constitute
a breach of its certificate of incorporation, charter or by-laws; and (d) the provisions of this Agreement are not and were not
intended to hinder, delay, or defraud any creditor. Each Party hereby agrees not to challenge the validity or enforceability of this
Agreement.

8.             Indemnification
and Limitation of Liability.

8.1              Licensee
agrees to protect, indemnify and hold harmless Licensor, and its directors, officers, employees, licensees, agents, representatives,
successors and assigns (collectively, the “Indemnified Parties”), from and against any and all claims, suits, actions
or allegations brought or asserted by a third party (each, a “Claim”) and any resulting liabilities, judgments, costs
and expenses, including reasonable attorneys’ fees, arising out of or related to (a) Licensee’s use of the Licensed
IP pursuant to this Agreement and (b) Licensee’s breach of its representations, warranties and other obligations under this
Agreement. Licensee shall keep Licensor fully informed of the status and progress with regard to any Claim, and shall provide Licensor
with copies of all documentation relating to the foregoing.

8.2              Licensor
shall promptly notify Licensee upon the assertion of any Claim against an Indemnified Party, and shall give Licensee a reasonable opportunity
to defend and/or settle the Claim at its own expense. Licensee shall have the sole right to designate the counsel to handle any such
defense or settlement negotiations, and the Indemnified Parties shall provide Licensee with such assistance as it may reasonably request
in order to ensure a proper and adequate defense of a Claim. Any settlement of a Claim must be approved in writing by the applicable
Indemnified Party prior to the execution of any settlement agreement.

8.3              Neither
Party shall in any circumstances be liable for any Claim, whether arising in contract, tort or otherwise, for consequential (including
lost profits (except to the extent recoverable as or deemed a direct damage under applicable law), contracts, business, goodwill, income,
production or accruals of any such other Party), economic, special or other indirect loss of any other Party. Provided, however, that
if in connection with any Claim a Party is required to pay damages to a third party based on consequential, economic, special or other
indirect losses of such third party, such liability for such damages shall be deemed to be a direct loss of the Party that is required
to pay such amounts to such third party

9.             Disclaimer
of Warranties. Licensee acknowledges and agrees that Licensor licenses the Licensed IP to Licensee “as is.” Except as
set forth in this Agreement, Licensor makes no warranties of any kind, express or implied, in relation to the Licensed IP. Without limiting
the foregoing, Licensor expressly disclaims any and all implied warranties relating to the Licensed IP, including any representations
or warranties concerning merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, ownership, validity, enforceability or non-infringement.

7 

10.           Further
Assurances. Licensor and Licensee shall promptly execute, acknowledge and deliver, at the reasonable request of the other Party to
this Agreement, such additional documents, instruments, conveyances and assurances and take such further actions as such other Party
may reasonably request to carry out the provisions of this Agreement and to give effect to the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

11.           Term.

11.1            This
Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue for a period of ten (10) years (the “Initial Term”)
unless terminated earlier by one of the Parties, as permitted by and in accordance with Section 12.

11.2            At
the end of the Initial Term, the term of the Agreement shall automatically renew for successive one (1) year periods (the Initial
Term, all such renewal periods and the Re-Branding Period, collectively referred to as the “Term”).

12.           Termination
and Events of Default.

12.1            If
Licensee fails to pay any portion of the License Fee or make any other payment as required by this Agreement within ten (10) days
after Licensee has received written notice from Licensor of such failure, then Licensor may immediately terminate this Agreement upon
written notice to Licensee.

12.2            Subject
to Section 12.1 above which covers Licensor’s right to terminate this Agreement for a failure by Licensee to pay any
portion of the License Fee or make any other payment as required by this Agreement, Licensor may terminate this Agreement upon thirty
(30) days’ written notice to Licensee in the event that Licensee fails to cure a material breach of this Agreement after Licensee
has received written notice of such breach. Any failure by Licensee to comply with the quality control provisions included in Section 4
of this Agreement shall be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. In the event any material breach cannot be cured within thirty
(30) days, except for non-payment by Licensee which must be cured within ten (10) days after Licensee has received written notice
of such breach, and so long as Licensee is making reasonable efforts to implement a cure, the cure period will be automatically extended
by a reasonable amount of time to permit such cure (if a cure is feasible).

12.3            At
any time after the Discharge of Licensor Indebtedness (but not before), the Parties may terminate this Agreement by mutual consent.

12.4            If
Licensor terminates this Agreement in accordance with Section 12.1 or 12.2 above, then (a) all rights of Licensee
and its Affiliates (other than Licensor and CDL) under this Agreement shall automatically and immediately cease, (b) all rights
of Licensee under Section 6 regarding registration, maintenance and enforcement of the Licensed IP will automatically and
immediately revert to Licensor and Licensor shall have the exclusive right and authority, in its sole discretion, to make decisions and
take all actions with respect to registration, enforcement and maintenance of the Licensed IP, (c) all sublicenses granted by Licensee
and its Affiliates pursuant to Section 2.2 shall automatically and immediately terminate, and (d) Licensee and its Affiliates
(except for Licensor and CDL) shall immediately cease using in any manner the Licensed IP. Licensee agrees that upon such failure to
make any payment or cure any other material breach, it and its Affiliates (except for Licensor and CDL) shall have no rights to use the
Licensed IP in any manner and as between Licensor and Licensee, Licensor shall have the exclusive rights to use and exploit the Licensed
IP.

8 

12.5            This
Agreement and the license provided for herein shall automatically terminate and be of no further effect if the MSA expires or is terminated
on account of a breach thereof by Licensee, provided that Section 2.3 shall continue to apply for the Re-Branding Period
following any termination or expiration of the MSA.

12.6            Notwithstanding
any of the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, if any of the Exchangeable Notes and/or Term Loans are then outstanding
and Licensee is permitted to, and wishes to, terminate this Agreement for any reasons, Licensee shall give notice to the applicable agent,
trustee or trustees in respect of the outstanding Exchangeable Notes and/or Term Loans, as applicable, not fewer than ninety (90) days
prior to such termination taking effect and an opportunity during such ninety (90)-day period for the Holders or Term Lenders, as applicable,
to cure, or cause to be cured, any breach giving rise to a right of termination. Licensee shall reasonably cooperate with any Holders
or Term Lenders, as applicable, in connection with a proposed cure and, for the avoidance of doubt, if any applicable breach is in fact
cured during such 90-day period, then termination on account of the applicable breach shall not be permitted.

12.7            This
Agreement may be terminated by Licensor immediately and without notice in the event Licensee: (a) admits in writing its inability
to pay its debts generally as they become due in the ordinary course of business in accordance with their terms; (b) makes a general
assignment for the benefit of creditors; (c) voluntarily commences any proceeding or files any petition seeking liquidation, court
protection, reorganization or other relief under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law; or (d) is the
subject of an involuntary proceeding or petition that is filed seeking liquidation, court protection, reorganization or other relief
under any applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law, which is undismissed or unstayed for sixty (60) days or an
order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing is entered.

13.           Effects
of Termination. In the event of any expiration or termination of this Agreement, the following provisions of this Agreement shall
survive: Sections 1, 2.1 (solely as set forth in Sections 2.3 and 12.5), 2.3, 5, 6.1,
6.2, 7, 8, 9, 10 12.4, 12.5, 13, 15, and 16. In addition, any payment
obligations that have accrued under this Agreement (including with respect to any License Fee pursuant to Section 3) shall
remain in full force and effect until they are satisfied in full.

14.           Assignment.
Licensor may assign, transfer, delegate or otherwise dispose of any or all of its rights and responsibilities under this Agreement to
any entity without the consent of Licensee upon prior written notice to Licensee; provided, however, Licensor may not assign, transfer,
delegate or otherwise dispose of any of its right, title or interest in and to the Licensed IP without Licensee’s prior written
consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. Except as otherwise permitted in this Agreement, Licensee may not assign,
transfer, delegate or otherwise dispose of any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement without Licensor’s prior written
consent, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed; provided, however, that a merger, consolidation, combination or restructuring
involving Licensee or a change in control of Licensee shall not be deemed to be an assignment of this Agreement. Any assignment, delegation
and/or pledge in violation of this provision or Section 2.2 will be without force or effect. The Agreement shall be binding
upon and shall inure to the benefit of the Parties and their successors and permitted assigns, each of which must agree in writing to
be bound by the Agreement.

9 

15.           Confidentiality.

15.1            Confidential
Information. “Confidential Information” means information disclosed by one Party hereunder to the other in connection
this Agreement, which information is or should be reasonably understood to be confidential or proprietary to the disclosing Party, including
product designs, costs, unpublished marketing, sales and financial information, product and business plans, projections, and marketing
data. “Confidential Information” will not include information that is: (a) already lawfully known to or independently
developed by the receiving party; (b) disclosed in published materials without a breach of this Agreement; (c) generally known
to the public without a breach of this Agreement; or (d) lawfully obtained from any third party who was not under an obligation
to keep such information confidential.

15.2            Obligation.
Neither Party will (a) disclose any Confidential Information of the other Party to any third party, or (b) fail to take all
reasonable measures to maintain the confidentiality of Confidential Information in its possession or control, which measures shall in
no event be less than the measures it uses to maintain the confidentiality of its own information of similar importance. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, a Party may disclose the other’s Confidential Information to investors, legal, financial advisors and financial
creditors of the Licensor (including the Holders, but in each case subject to the confidentiality obligations governing the applicable
indebtedness), who are subject to confidentiality restrictions not less restrictive than those in this Agreement; provided, however,
that Party shall be liable to the other Party for any breach of the confidentiality obligations of such investors, legal and/or financial
advisors, and to the extent reasonably necessary to comply with a court order or government order to which the disclosing Party is subject,
provided that prior to such disclosure of Confidential Information, the disclosing Party will provide the other Party prompt notice of
the anticipated disclosure so that the other Party can take all necessary measures to prevent the disclosure and/or maintain the confidentiality
of such information. A Party may also disclose Confidential Information in areas specifically required to meet General Accepted Accounting
Principles (GAAP) or Securities Exchange Commission (SEC) filing requirements or the listing requirements of any securities exchange
on which the capital stock of either Party is traded or any automated quotation system.

10 

16.           Miscellaneous.

16.1            Notices.
All notices given pursuant to this Agreement shall be in writing and either (a) delivered personally, (b) delivered or mailed
by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, (c) sent by a nationally recognized overnight delivery or courier service, with
delivery charges prepaid, and proof of delivery or receipt requested or (d) delivered by electronic mail, as follows:

To Licensee:

American Multi-Cinema, Inc.

11500 Ash Street

Leawood, Kansas 66211

Attention: SVP Development

email: 0411-LeaseAdministration@amctheatres.com

with a copy to:

American Multi-Cinema, Inc.

11500 Ash Street

Leawood, Kansas 66211

Attention: General Counsel

email: 0411-Legal@amctheatres.com

To Licensor:

Muvico, LLC

11500 Ash Street

Leawood, Kansas 66211

Attention: SVP Development

email: 0411-LeaseAdministration@amctheatres.com

with a copy to:

Muvico, LLC

11500 Ash Street

Leawood, Kansas 66211

Attention: General Counsel

email: 0411-Legal@amctheatres.com

All notices as required
here shall be effective upon the earlier of (w) delivery, (x) three (3) days after the mailing, (y) the next business
day if sent by overnight courier, or (z) if sent by electronic mail, upon receipt of confirmation of good transmission if such confirmation
is received prior to 5:00 p.m. on a business day or, if received after such time, on the first business day following such receipt
of confirmation.

16.2            Third
Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the Parties and their permitted successors and assigns and nothing
in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other party or entity any legal or equitable right, benefit
or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, the Trustees in respect
of the Notes and each Holder are hereby made express third party beneficiaries of Sections 12.5 and 12.6, this Section 16.2
and Section 16.5 of this Agreement.

16.3            Choice
of Law; Choice of Forum. This Agreement, and any dispute arising from this Agreement or the subject matter of this Agreement, shall
be governed by the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to its conflicts of law principles, and the federal and state courts
in the State of Delaware shall be the exclusive jurisdiction for resolving all disputes relating to this Agreement. The Parties submit
to the jurisdiction of such courts over such a dispute and waive any objection to the propriety or convenience of venue in such courts.

11 

16.4            No
Construction. The Parties have participated jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement, and in the event an ambiguity
or question of intent or interpretation arises, this Agreement shall be construed as if drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption
or burden of proof shall arise favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any provisions of this Agreement.

16.5            Amendment.
This Agreement may only be amended, supplemented or modified, and any of the terms, covenants, representations, warranties or conditions
may only be waived, by a written amendment executed by both Parties, or in the case of a waiver, by the Party waiving compliance; provided
that any amendment, waiver, termination, consent or other modification (any of the foregoing, a “Modification”) to
this Agreement shall be ineffective and void ab initio to the extent such Modification would result in an “event of default”
under or otherwise violate the Debt Documentation. No waiver by either Party of any breach of this Agreement shall be deemed to be a
waiver of any preceding or succeeding breach of the same or any other provision of this Agreement.

16.6            Severability.
If any provision of this Agreement or the application of any such provision to any person, entity or circumstance is held invalid, illegal
or unenforceable in any respect by a court of competent jurisdiction, such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability shall not affect
any other provision of this Agreement or the application of such provision to any other persons, entities or circumstances and, to the
extent permissible under applicable law, any such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision shall be deemed amended lawfully to conform
with the intent of the Parties.

16.7            Integration.
This Agreement (including any amendments and exhibits hereto) constitutes the entire agreement between the Parties with respect to its
subject matter, and supersedes all prior and/or contemporaneous oral or written negotiations, offers, representations, warranties, and
agreements with respect to this subject matter.

16.8            Counterparts.
This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which when executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original
and all of which counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement shall become binding when one
or more counterparts taken together shall have been shown to have been executed by each Party and delivered to the other.

[Signature Page Follows]

12 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties
have executed this Agreement effective as of the Effective Date.

 AMERICAN MULTI-CINEMA, INC.

 /s/
 Sean D. Goodman

 Name:

 Sean D. Goodman

 Title:

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, International
 and Treasurer

 MUVICO, LLC

 /s/
 Sean D. Goodman

 Name:

 Sean D. Goodman

 Title:

 Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer
 and Treasurer

[Signature Page to Intercompany License Agreement]