EX-10.1
2
kl04075_ex10-1.htm
EXHIBIT 10.1 OPERATING AGREEMENT

                                                                                                       Exhibit
 10.1

OPERATING
 AGREEMENT 

OF

INSTRIDE
 VENTURES, LLC 

THIS
 OPERATING AGREEMENT (this
 “Agreement”) of InStride Ventures, LLC, a limited liability company organized
 pursuant to the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act (the “Company”), is
 entered into by and among George Foreman Ventures LLC, a Delaware limited
 liability company (“George Foreman Ventures”), In Stride, L.L.C., a Delaware
 limited liability company doing business in New Jersey as In Stride Shoes,
 L.L.C. (“In Stride”), Olen Rice, an individual (“Rice”), and Paul Koester, an
 individual (“Koester”) (individually a “Member” or collectively the
“Members”).

SECTION
 1.   FORMATION;
 DEFINITIONS.

1.1. Formation.
 The
 Members have caused this limited liability company to be formed under the
 Delaware Limited Liability Company Act, 6 Delaware Code § 18-101 et
 seq., as
 amended from time to time (the “Act”). The Members have caused a certificate of
 formation to be filed in accordance with the Act (the “Certificate of
 Formation”).

1.2. Name.
 The
 name of the Company is “InStride Ventures, LLC” and all of the Company business
 shall be conducted under that name or such other names that comply with
 applicable law as the Manager may select from time to time.

1.3. Registered
 Office; Registered Agent.
 The
 registered agent of the Company shall be The Corporation Trust Company and
 the
 registered office of the Company shall be located at Corporation Trust Center,
 1209 Orange Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19801, or at such other location (which
 need not be a place of business of the Company) as the Manager may designate
 from time to time.

1.4. Principal
 Office; Other Offices.
 The
 initial principal office of the Company shall be located at c/o George Foreman
 Ventures LLC, 100 North Wilkes-Barre Boulevard, 4th
 Floor,
 Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania 18702. The Company may change its principal office
 or
 have such other offices as the Manager may designate from time to
 time.

1.5. Purposes.
 The
 purposes of the Company are (a) to enter into a binding agreement (the “ShopKo
 Agreement”) with ShopKo Stores, Inc. (“ShopKo”) which would give the Company the
 rights to supply Shopko with Medicare reimburseable therapeutic footwear that
 includes athletic, casual and post-operative shoes and accessories, including
 shoe inserts, that meet the medical needs of individuals with specific footwear
 problems such as those related to diabetes (the “Footwear”), (b) to initially
 enter into a short-term joint venture to supply, and use celebrity marketing
 to
 market, the Footwear at fifteen (15) ShopKo stores for a period beginning
 shortly after the execution of this Agreement and ending on August 1, 2007
 (the
“Test Period”) as a test (the “ShopKo Test”) to determine whether the Footwear
 sells well enough during the

1

Test
 Period to provide business justification for George Foreman Ventures to elect
 to
 continue the joint venture with respect to the Footwear following the expiration
 of the Test Period, (c) to continue to supply and market the Footwear to ShopKo
 and/or other retail outlets or through other channels of distribution beyond
 the
 expiration of the Test Period if George Foreman Ventures decides, in its sole
 discretion, that the Company should do so, and (d) to engage in any and all
 activities related or incident to the purposes described in (a) through (c)
 of
 this Section 1.5. 

1.6. Term.
 The
 Company commenced its existence upon the filing of the Certificate of Formation
 with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Company shall continue
 in perpetual existence unless and until the Company is dissolved in accordance
 with Section 8 hereof.

1.7. No
 State Law Partnership.
 The
 Members intend that the Company shall not be a partnership (including, without
 limitation, a limited partnership) or joint venture, and that no Member shall
 be
 a partner or joint venturer of any other Member, for any purposes other than
 federal, state and local tax purposes, and the provisions of this Agreement
 shall not be construed otherwise.

1.8. Definitions.
 As used
 in this Agreement, the following terms have the following meanings, unless
 the
 context otherwise requires:

(a) “Accounting
 Period”
 means
 the following fiscal periods: the initial Accounting Period commenced on the
 date on which the Certificate of Formation was filed with the Delaware Secretary
 of State. Each subsequent Accounting Period shall commence immediately after
 the
 close of the preceding Accounting Period. Each Accounting Period shall close
 at
 the earlier of the close of business on the last day of a Fiscal Year of the
 Company or on the date of the Company’s dissolution. In addition, the Manager
 may, in its sole discretion, close the applicable Accounting Period of the
 Company upon: (1) the acceptance of a Capital Contribution from a new or
 existing Member, other than a Capital Contribution which is pro rata among
 all
 existing Members; or (2) the effective date of the withdrawal of a
 Member.

(b) “Act”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Section 1.1 hereof.

(c) “Adjusted
 Capital Account”
 means,
 with respect to any Member, the balance, if any, in such Member’s Capital
 Account as of the end of the relevant Accounting Period, after giving effect
 to
 the following adjustments:

(1) Credit
 to
 such Capital Account any amounts which such Member is obligated to restore
 or is
 deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the next to the last sentences
 of
 Section 1.704-2(g)(1) and Section 1.704-2(i)(5) of the Regulations.

(2) Debit
 to
 such Capital Account the items described in Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),
 Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the
 Regulations.

2

(d) “Adjusted
 Capital Account Deficit”
 means,
 with respect to any Member, the deficit balance, if any, in such Member’s
 Capital Account as of the end of the relevant Accounting Period, after giving
 effect to the following adjustments:

(1) Credit
 to
 such Capital Account any amounts which such Member is obligated to restore
 or is
 deemed to be obligated to restore pursuant to the next to the last sentences
 of
 Section 1.704-2(g)(1) and Section 1.704-2(i)(5) of the Regulations.

(2) Debit
 to
 such Capital Account the items described in Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4),
 Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(5) and Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(6) of the
 Regulations.

The
 foregoing definition of Adjusted Capital Account Deficit is intended to comply
 with the provisions of Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d) of the Regulations and
 shall
 be interpreted consistently therewith.

(e) “Affiliate”
 shall
 mean with respect to any Person, any other Person controlling, controlled by
 or
 under common control with such specified persons. The term “control”, with
 respect to any Person, means possession, direct or indirect, of the power to
 direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such Person,
 whether through the ownership of voting securities or a general partnership
 interest or limited liability company interest, by contract or
 otherwise.

(f) “Agreement”
 means
 this operating agreement, as it may be amended and/or restated from time to
 time.

(g) “Capital
 Account”
 means,
 with respect to any Member, the Member’s Capital Contribution, increased or
 decreased as provided in this Agreement.

(h) “Capital
 Account Balance”
 of any
 Member shall mean the balance in that Member’s Capital Account at the time of
 determination, whether positive or negative, as determined in accordance with
 the terms of this Agreement.

(i) “Capital
 Contribution”
 means,
 with respect to any Member, the amount of money and the initial Gross Asset
 Value of any property other than money contributed to the Company by that
 Member.

(j) “Capital
 Transaction”
 means
 any sale or other disposition of all or a portion of the Property in a single
 transaction or in a series of related transactions, other than a sale or
 disposition in the ordinary course of the Company’s business.

(k) “Code”
 means
 the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. A reference
 to
 a specific section of the Code refers not only to that specific section but
 any
 corresponding provisions of any federal tax statute enacted after the date
 of
 this Agreement, as such specific section or corresponding provisions are in
 effect on the date of application of this Agreement containing such
 reference.

3

(l) “Company”
 means
 InStride Ventures, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company.

(m) “Company
 Minimum Gain”
 shall
 have the meaning set forth in Sections 1.704-2(b)(2) and 1.704-2(d) of the
 Regulations.

(n) “Depreciation”
 means,
 for each Accounting Period, an amount equal to the depreciation, amortization,
 or other cost recovery deduction allowable with respect to an asset for such
 year or other period, except that if the Gross Asset Value of an asset differs
 from its adjusted basis for federal income tax purposes at the beginning of
 such
 year or other period, Depreciation shall be an amount which bears the same
 ratio
 to such beginning Gross Asset Value as the federal income tax depreciation,
 amortization, or other cost recovery deduction for such year or other period
 bears to such beginning adjusted tax basis.

(o) “Distributable
 Cash”
 means,
 with respect to any fiscal period, the excess of all cash receipts of the
 Company from any source whatsoever, including normal operations, sales of
 assets, proceeds of borrowings, Capital Contributions of the Members, proceeds
 from a Capital Transaction, and any and all other sources over the sum of the
 following amounts:

(1) cash
 disbursements for accounting and bookkeeping services, costs of sales of Company
 assets, management fees and expenses, insurance, legal and accounting expenses,
 and any and all other items customarily considered to be “ operating
 expenses”;

(2) payments
 of interest, principal and premium, and points and other costs of borrowing
 under any indebtedness of the Company (other
 than payments made with respect to Member Loans);

(3) payments
 made to purchase Company assets; and

(4) amounts
 set aside as Reserves.

(p) “Fiscal
 Year”
 means
 the calendar year; but, upon the organization of the Company, Fiscal Year means
 the period from the first day of the term of the Company to the next following
 December 31, and upon dissolution of the Company, shall mean the period from
 the
 end of the last preceding Fiscal Year to the date of such
 dissolution.

(q) “Footwear”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Section 1.5 hereof.

(r) “Gross
 Asset Value”
 means,
 with respect to any asset, the asset’s adjusted basis for federal income tax
 purposes, except as follows:

(1) The
 initial Gross Asset Value of any asset contributed by a Member to the Company
 shall be the gross fair market value of such asset, as determined by the
 contributing Member and the Company;

(2) The
 Gross
 Asset Values of all Company assets shall be adjusted to equal their respective
 gross fair market values in connection with (and to be effective immediately
 prior to) the following events: (i) the acquisition of any additional Membership
 Interest in the Company by any new or existing Member in exchange for more
 than
 a de minimis

4

Capital
 Contribution; (ii) the acquisition of any additional Membership Interest in
 the
 Company (other than a de minimis Membership Interest) as consideration for
 the
 provision of services to or for the benefit of the Company by an existing Member
 acting in a Member capacity, or by a new Member acting in a Member capacity
 or
 in anticipation of becoming a Member; (iii) the distribution by the Company
 to a
 Member of more than a de minimis amount of Company property other than money,
 unless all Members receive simultaneous distributions of undivided interests
 in
 the distributed property in proportion to their interests in the Company; and
 (iv) the liquidation of the Company within the meaning of Regulations Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(g); provided, however, that an adjustment pursuant to clauses
 (i), (ii) and (iii) above shall be made only if such adjustment is necessary
 or
 appropriate to reflect the relative economic interests of the Members in the
 Company;

(3) If
 the
 Gross Asset Value of an asset has been determined or adjusted pursuant to
 Section l.8(r)(1) or 1.8(r)(2) hereof, such Gross Asset Value shall thereafter
 be adjusted by the Depreciation taken into account with respect to such asset
 for purposes of computing Profits and Losses; and

(4) The
 Gross
 Asset Values of Company assets shall be increased (or decreased) to reflect
 any
 adjustments to the adjusted basis of such assets pursuant to Code Section 734(b)
 or Code Section 743(b), but only to the extent that such adjustments are taken
 into account in determining Capital Accounts pursuant to Regulations Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m); provided, however, that Gross Asset Values shall not
 be
 adjusted pursuant to this subsection to the extent that an adjustment pursuant
 to subsection 1.8(r)(2) above is made in connection with a transaction that
 would otherwise result in an adjustment pursuant to this
 subsection.

(s) “Initial
 George Foreman Ventures Loan”
 has
 the
 meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b)(2) hereof.

(t) “Initial
 In Stride Loan”
 has
 the
 meaning set forth in Section 3.1(b)(1) hereof.

(u) “Manager”
 means
 George Foreman Ventures and any other Person or Persons hereafter designated
 as
 a Manager pursuant to the Act or the terms of this Agreement.

(v) “Member
 Loan”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Section 3.2(a) hereof.

(w) “Members”
 means
 George Foreman Ventures, In Stride, Rice, Koester and any other Person or
 Persons hereafter admitted to the Company as a Member as provided in this
 Agreement, but does not include any Person who has ceased to be a Member of
 the
 Company. The Members of the Company are listed on Schedule
 A
 attached
 hereto, and the Company shall keep a current list of all Members and their
 Capital Contributions. 

(x) “Member
 Nonrecourse Debt”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Section 1.704-2(b)(4) of the Regulations.

(y) “Member
 Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain”
 means
 an
 amount, with respect to each Member Nonrecourse Debt, equal to the Company
 Minimum Gain that would

5

result
 if
 such Member Nonrecourse Debt were treated as a Nonrecourse Liability, determined
 in accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(3) of the Regulations.

(z) “Member
 Nonrecourse Deductions”
 has
 the
 meaning set forth in Sections 1.704-2(i)(1) and 1.704-2(i)(2) of the
 Regulations. The amount of Member Nonrecourse Deductions with respect to a
 Member Nonrecourse Debt for any Accounting Period shall be determined in
 accordance with Section 1.704-2(i)(2) of the Regulations.

(aa) “Membership
 Interest”
 shall
 mean the interest of a Member in the Company, including without limitation,
 rights to distributions (liquidating or otherwise), allocations, information
 and
 voting rights. The initial percentage Membership Interests of the Members in
 the
 Company are set forth on Schedule
 A
 attached
 hereto. 

(bb) “Nonrecourse
 Deductions”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Section 1.704-2(b)(1) of the Regulations. The amount of
 Nonrecourse Deductions for an Accounting Period shall be determined in
 accordance with Section 1.704-2(c) of the Regulations.

(cc) “Nonrecourse
 Liability”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Sections 1.704-2(b)(3) and 1.752-1(a)(2) of the
 Regulations.

(dd) “Person”
 means an
 individual, corporation, association, partnership, joint venture, limited
 liability company, estate, trust, or any other legal entity.

(ee) “Profits”
 and “Losses”
 means
 the Company’s taxable income or taxable loss, as the case may be, for each
 Accounting Period, as determined under Section 703(a) of the Code and
 Regulations Section 1.703-1, but with the following adjustments: (1) any
 tax-exempt income, as described in Section 705(a)(1)(B) of the Code, realized
 by
 the Company during such Accounting Period shall be taken into account as if
 it
 were taxable income in computing such taxable income or taxable loss; (2) any
 expenditures of the Company described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code for
 such Accounting Period, including any items treated under Regulations Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(i) as items described in Section 705(a)(2)(B) of the Code,
 shall be taken into account as if they were deductible items in computing such
 taxable income or taxable loss; (3) any items of income recognized by the
 Company during such Accounting Period that are required to be allocated to
 the
 Members under Section 9.2(a) hereof shall be excluded from such taxable income
 or taxable loss; (4) gain or loss resulting from any disposition of Company
 property with respect to which gain or loss is recognized for federal income
 tax
 purposes shall be computed by reference to the Gross Asset Value of the property
 disposed of, notwithstanding that the adjusted tax basis of such property
 differs from its Gross Asset Value; and (5) in lieu of the depreciation,
 amortization, and other cost recovery deductions taken into account in computing
 such taxable income or loss, there shall be taken into account Depreciation
 for
 such Accounting Period, computed in accordance with Section 1.8(n) hereof.
 If
 the Company’s taxable income or taxable loss for such Accounting Period, as
 adjusted in the manner provided in Clauses (1) through (5) above, is a positive
 amount, such amount shall be the Company’s Profits for such Accounting Period;
 and if negative, such amount shall be the Company’s Losses for such Accounting
 Period.

6

(ff) “Property”
 shall
 mean, at any time, all property, whether real or personal, interests, assets
 or
 rights owned or held by or on behalf of the Company at such time.

(gg) “Regulations”
 means
 the income tax regulations, including temporary regulations, promulgated under
 the Code, as such regulations may be amended from time to time (including
 corresponding provisions of succeeding regulations).

(hh) “Reserve”
 or
“Reserves”
 means
 amounts set aside and deemed sufficient by the Manager, as of the date of
 determination, for working capital and to pay taxes, insurance, debt service,
 or
 other costs and expenses, incident to the operation of the Company, and for
 advancing the purposes of the Company set forth in Section 1.5
 hereof.

(ii) “ShopKo
 Test”
 has the
 meaning set forth in Section 1.5 hereof.

(jj) “Test
 Period”
 has
 the
 meaning set forth in Section 1.5 hereof.

(kk) “Transfer”
 shall
 mean, any disposition (including, without limitation, gifts, sales, assignments,
 pledges, encumbrances, bequests, and all other inter vivos or testamentary
 dispositions) whether voluntary, involuntary or whether pursuant to court order
 or by operation of law.

SECTION
 2.  MEMBERS;
 MANAGER.

2.1. Members.
 The
 Members of the Company (and their Membership Interest in the Company) are listed
 on Schedule
 A
 hereto,
 each of whom has executed this Agreement as of the date hereof and is hereby
 admitted to the Company as a Member.

2.2. Additional
 Members.
 No
 Person
 shall be admitted to the Company as an additional or substitute Member without
 the prior written consent of the Manager or as otherwise provided
 herein.

2.3. Liability
 to Third Parties.
 No
 Member shall be liable for the debts, obligations or liabilities of the Company,
 including under a judgment, decree or order of a court, except to the extent
 required under the Act with respect to amounts distributed to the Member at
 a
 time when the Company was insolvent or was rendered insolvent by virtue of
 such
 distribution.

2.4. Manager.
 The
 number of Managers of the Company shall be one (1). George Foreman Ventures
 is
 hereby designated to serve as the Manager of the Company. The Manager may resign
 at any time upon prior written notice to the Company. In the event of a vacancy
 in the position of Manager by reason of resignation, liquidation, dissolution
 or
 bankruptcy, a successor shall be appointed by a majority-in-interest of the
 Members. 

7

SECTION
 3. CAPITAL
 CONTRIBUTIONS; LOANS; ACQUISITION OF FOOTWEAR; CAPITAL
 ACCOUNTS.

3.1. Initial
 Capital Contributions; Initial Loans and Acquisition of Footwear During the
 Test
 Period.

(a) The
 Members shall, promptly after the execution of this Agreement, make the initial
 Capital Contributions set forth on Schedule
 A attached hereto
 to
 the Company in exchange for their Membership Interests. In addition, In Stride
 shall execute the license agreement attached hereto as Exhibit
 A,
 but
 shall not receive any Capital Account credit for its execution of such license
 agreement.

(b) During
 the Test Period:

(1) In
 Stride
 shall supply to the Company all of the Footwear required, as determined by
 the
 Manager, to undertake the ShopKo Test. In addition, In Stride shall pay all
 costs of training and Company operational overhead required (as determined
 by
 the Manager) during the Test Period to undertake the ShopKo Test. The sum of
 (a)
 In Stride’s documented direct cost of the Footwear supplied to the Company
 pursuant to this Section 3.1(b)(1), and (b) the aggregate amount of documented
 costs of training and Company operational overhead paid by In Stride pursuant
 to
 this Section 3.1(b)(1), shall constitute a loan by In Stride to the Company
 (the
“Initial In Stride Loan”) which shall not bear interest and the principal of
 which shall be repaid out of Distributable Cash pursuant to Sections 4.2(a)
 and
 4.3(a) hereof; provided, however, that (i) the documentation corresponding
 to
 any such costs shall be provided to the Manager within thirty (30) days after
 such costs are incurred, and (ii) any individual expenditure (or commitment
 to
 make an individual expenditure) in excess of ten thousand dollars ($10,000)
 shall require the approval of the Manager and the vote of those Members owning,
 in the aggregate, at least sixty percent (60%) of the Membership Interests,
 before such expenditure or commitment is incurred. Notwithstanding clause (ii)
 of this Section 3.1(b)(1), (I) the Manager shall have the ability to propose
 a
 budget to the Members, and if the proposed budget is approved by at least sixty
 percent (60%) of the Membership Interests, then the Member vote referred to
 in
 clause (ii) shall not be required unless the expenditure or commitment at issue
 would result in the approved budgeted expenses being exceeded by more than
 ten
 thousand dollars ($10,000), and (II) regardless of whether or not a budget
 has
 been approved, if the Company’s gross revenue for any Fiscal Year exceeds two
 million dollars ($2,000,000), then the Member vote referred to in clause (ii)
 shall not be required for the remainder of that Fiscal Year and for all future
 Fiscal Years. 

(2) George
 Foreman Ventures shall either advance to the Company, in cash, or pay directly,
 all costs of marketing the Footwear during the Test Period, as such costs are
 determined by the Manager. The aggregate amount of cash advanced to the Company
 by George Foreman Ventures pursuant to this Section 3.1(b)(2), and documented
 costs paid directly by George Foreman Ventures pursuant to this Section
 3.1(b)(2), shall constitute a loan by George Foreman Ventures to the Company
 (the “Initial George Foreman Ventures Loan”) which shall

8

not
 bear
 interest and the principal of which shall be repaid out of Distributable Cash
 pursuant to Sections 4.2(a) and 4.3(a) hereof; provided, however, that (i)
 the
 documentation corresponding to any such costs shall be provided to the Manager
 within thirty (30) days after such costs are incurred, and (ii) any individual
 expenditure (or commitment to make an individual expenditure) in excess of
 ten
 thousand dollars ($10,000) shall require the approval of the Manager and the
 vote of those Members owning, in the aggregate, at least sixty percent (60%)
 of
 the Membership Interests, before such expenditure or commitment is incurred.
 Notwithstanding clause (ii) of this Section 3.1(b)(2), (I) the Manager shall
 have the ability to propose a budget to the Members, and if the proposed budget
 is approved by at least sixty percent (60%) of the Membership Interests, then
 the Member vote referred to in clause (ii) shall not be required unless the
 expenditure or commitment at issue would result in the approved budgeted
 expenses being exceeded by more than ten thousand dollars ($10,000), and (II)
 regardless of whether or not a budget has been approved, if the Company’s gross
 revenue for any Fiscal Year exceeds two million dollars ($2,000,000), then
 the
 Member vote referred to in clause (ii) shall not be required for the remainder
 of that Fiscal Year and for all future Fiscal Years. 

3.2. Additional
 Capital Needs and Acquisition of Footwear After the Test Period.

(a) If,
 after
 the expiration of the Test Period, the Manager determines, in its sole
 discretion, that additional capital is needed for Company business, then the
 Manager may raise such additional capital through borrowing or issuing
 additional equity in the Company, as the Manager in its sole discretion deems
 advisable. The Manager may secure third party financing from an institutional
 lender (without offering warrants or other equity participation). Additionally,
 the Manager may secure loans from its Members (“Member Loans”) with each Member
 being offered the right to participate in such loans based on its percentage
 Membership Interest, and with contributing Members having the right (but not
 the
 obligation) to contribute non-participating Members’ share of these Member
 Loans. Any such Member Loan made by a Member to the Company shall bear interest
 at the Prime Rate as published in The Wall Street Journal on the date the Member
 Loan is made plus 500 basis points, and the interest and principal of such
 Member Loan shall be repaid out of Distributable Cash as provided in Sections
 4.2 and 4.3 hereof. With respect to a proposed issuance of equity to raise
 capital for Company purposes, the Manager shall value the new equity based
 on a
 good faith determination of the fair market value of the Company at the time
 of
 the issuance of such equity, and the issuance of such equity shall be subject
 to
 the preemptive rights of the Members set forth in Section 6.2 hereof.
Notwithstanding
 the foregoing and the provisions of Section 6.2 hereof, with respect to the
 first two hundred fifty thousand dollars ($250,000) of capital raised from
 the
 Members pursuant to this Section 3.2(a), each such contributing Member shall
 acquire an additional one percent (1%) equity interest in the Company for each
 twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000) of capital contributed by such Member
 (and with respect to any increment of capital contributed by such Member which
 is less than twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000), such Member shall acquire
 a
 corresponding fraction of the one percent (1%) additional equity interest)
 and
 the Membership Interests of the non-contributing Members shall be diluted
 proportionately. 

(b) After
 the
 expiration of the Test Period, In Stride shall sell to the Company, at In
 Stride’s direct cost and without allocable overhead, all of the Footwear
 required, as

9

10

determined
 by the Manager, to conduct the business of the Company. Payment for such
 Footwear shall be due from the Company to In Stride no later than the date
 of
 the shipment of such Footwear from the Orient. 

(c) After
 the
 expiration of the Test Period, George Foreman Ventures shall sell to the
 Company, at George Foreman Ventures’ direct cost and without allocable overhead,
 all of the marketing materials required, as determined by the Manager, to
 conduct the business of the Company. Payment for such marketing materials shall
 be due from the Company to George Foreman Ventures immediately upon the
 Company’s receipt of such materials. The parties agree that marketing materials
 shall not include personal appearances by George Foreman, and that the terms
 and
 conditions of any such appearances shall be as negotiated and agreed upon
 between George Foreman and the Company. 

3.3. Time
 When Capital Contribution to be Returned.
 No time
 is agreed upon as to when the Capital Contributions of the Members are to be
 returned. The Members shall not have the right to demand return of their Capital
 Contributions nor shall the Members have the right to demand and receive
 property other than cash in return for their Capital Contributions.

3.4. Capital
 Accounts.
 An
 Adjusted Capital Account shall be maintained for each Member.

(a) To
 each
 such account there shall be credited:

(1) the
 amount of money contributed to the capital of the Company by such
 Member;

(2) the
 fair
 market value of any property other than money contributed to the Company by
 such
 Member net of the liabilities securing such contributed property that the
 Company is considered to assume or take subject to pursuant to Section 752
 of
 the Code; and

(3) Profits
 and items of income and gain allocated to the Member; and

(b) From
 each
 such account there shall be debited:

(1) the
 amount of money distributed to the Member by the Company;

(2) the
 fair
 market value of all property distributed to such Member by the Company net
 of
 the liabilities securing such distributed property that such Member is
 considered to assume or take subject to pursuant to Section 752 of the Code;
 and

(3) Losses
 and items of loss and deduction allocated to the Member.

(c) In
 addition to the foregoing adjustments, each Member’s Adjusted Capital Account
 shall be maintained consistently with and reflect all adjustments described
 in
 Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv).

(d) If
 ownership of any Membership Interest in the Company is assigned in accordance
 with the terms of this Agreement, the assignee shall succeed to the Capital
 Account of the assignor to the extent it relates to the assigned Membership
 Interest.

11

(e) In
 determining the amount of any liability for purposes of subsections 3.4(a)
 and
 (b) above, there shall be taken into account Code Section 752(c) and any other
 applicable provisions of the Code and Regulations.

(f) To
 each
 Member’s Capital Account, there shall be debited or credited, as the case may
 be, adjustments which are necessary to reflect a revaluation of Company assets
 to reflect the Gross Asset Value of all Company assets, as required by
 Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(f) and Section 1.8(r).

The
 foregoing provisions and the other provisions of this Agreement relating to
 the
 maintenance of Capital Accounts are intended to comply with Section 704 of
 the
 Code and Regulation Section 1.704-1(b) and shall be interpreted and applied
 in a
 manner consistent with such provisions. The Company shall make any adjustments
 that are necessary or appropriate to maintain equality between the Capital
 Accounts of the Members and the amount of Company capital reflected on the
 Company’s balance sheet as computed for book purposes in accordance with Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(q) of the Regulations. 

SECTION
 4. DISTRIBUTIONS;
 ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES.

4.1. Distributions.
 Subject
 to maintaining the Company in a sound financial and cash position (which,
 without limiting the generality of the foregoing, shall include the provision
 for losses affecting the cash position of the Company and the payment or
 provision for payment, when due, of obligations of the Company) and establishing
 such Reserves as are determined by the Manager, in its sole discretion, to
 be
 reasonably required, the Manager shall distribute funds of the Company as
 provided herein.   

4.2. Distributions
 of Distributable Cash from Operations.
 If the
 Manager decides in its discretion to distribute cash flow, then distributions
 of
 Distributable Cash arising from operations, other than Capital Transactions,
 to
 the extent available, shall be made to the Members in the following order of
 priority:

(a) first,
 to
 In Stride and George Foreman Ventures, the amount required to provide them
 with
 the outstanding principal balance of the Initial In Stride Loan and the Initial
 George Foreman Ventures Loan, respectively, pro rata in accordance with the
 respective amounts of the outstanding principal balances of the Initial In
 Stride Loan and the Initial George Foreman Ventures Loan; 

(b) second,
 to each Member who has made a Member Loan, the amount, if any, required to
 provide such Member with any current and accumulated interest on his or its
 Member Loan, pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts of current
 and
 accumulated interest of all Member Loans;

(c) third,
 to
 each
 Member who has made a Member Loan, the amount, if any, required to provide
 such
 Member with the outstanding principal balance of his or its Member

12

Loan,
 pro
 rata in accordance with the respective amounts of the outstanding principal
 balances of all Member Loans; and 

(d) thereafter,
 to the Members pro rata in accordance with their Membership
 Interests.

Notwithstanding
 the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.2, after making the distributions
 provided for in subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 4.2, and prior to making
 the distributions provided for in subsections (c) and (d) of this Section 4.2,
 the Company shall, to the extent available, distribute the Tax Distribution
 Amount (as defined in Section 4.5 hereof) to the Members.

4.3. Distributions
 of Distributable Cash Arising from Capital Transactions and Upon
 Liquidation.
 If the
 Manager decides in its discretion to distribute cash flow, then Distributable
 Cash arising out of a Capital Transaction and net proceeds upon liquidation
 of
 the Company, to the extent available, shall be made to the Members in the
 following order of priority:

(a) first,
 to
 In Stride and George Foreman Ventures, the amount required to provide them
 with
 the outstanding principal balance of the Initial In Stride Loan and the Initial
 George Foreman Ventures Loan, respectively, pro rata in accordance with the
 respective amounts of the outstanding principal balances of the Initial In
 Stride Loan and the Initial George Foreman Ventures Loan; 

(b) second,
 to each Member who has made a Member Loan, the amount, if any, required to
 provide such Member with any current and accumulated interest on his or its
 Member Loan, pro rata in accordance with the respective amounts of current
 and
 accumulated interest of all Member Loans;

(c) third,
 to
 each
 Member who has made a Member Loan, the amount, if any, required to provide
 such
 Member with the outstanding principal balance of his or its Member Loan, pro
 rata in accordance with the respective amounts of the outstanding principal
 balances of all Member Loans; 

(d) fourth,
 to all Members with positive Adjusted Capital Account Balances in proportion
 to,
 and to the extent of, such positive balances; and

(e) thereafter,
 to the Members pro rata in accordance with their Membership
 Interests.

Notwithstanding
 the foregoing provisions of this Section 4.3, after making the distributions
 provided for in subsections (a) and (b) of this Section 4.3, and prior to making
 the distributions provided for in subsections (c), (d) and (e) of this Section
 4.3, the Company shall, to the extent available, distribute the Tax Distribution
 Amount (as defined in Section 4.5 hereof) to the Members.

13

4.4. Tax
 Withholding.
 The
 Members acknowledge and agree that the Company shall withhold for the payment
 of
 any foreign, state, federal and/or local taxes which may arise as a result
 of
 being a Member of the Company to the extent required by law.

4.5. Time
 of Distributions.
 Except
 as otherwise provided herein, distributions may be made from the Company to
 the
 Members at such times as the Manager in its discretion may determine;
PROVIDED,
 HOWEVER,
 that
 the Company shall endeavor to distribute to each Member in cash, if available,
 no less than the “Tax Distribution Amount” within ten (10) days following the
 end of each quarter. For purposes of this Agreement, the “Tax Distribution
 Amount” for each Member for each quarter shall be an amount equal to (a) the
 aggregate taxable income taxed to such Member for federal income tax purposes
 for such quarter as a result of allocations of Profits and Losses under Section
 4.6 multiplied by (b) the sum, expressed as a percentage, of (1) the highest
 marginal federal individual income tax rate in effect for that quarter plus
 (2)
 the highest marginal New Jersey individual income tax rate in effect for that
 quarter. 

4.6. Profits
 and Losses.

(a) Subject
 to the special allocations set forth in Section 9 hereof, the Profits of the
 Company shall be determined each year in accordance with the accounting methods
 followed for federal income tax purposes and allocated as follows:

(1) first,
 to
 each Member with an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit pro rata to such Adjusted
 Capital Account Deficits to the extent of the amounts necessary to eliminate
 such Adjusted Capital Account Deficits;

(2) second,
 to each Member to the extent such Member was previously allocated Losses, in
 proportion to the amount of such Losses;
 and

(3) thereafter,
 any remaining Profits shall be allocated to the Members pro rata in accordance
 with their percentage Membership Interests.

(b) Subject
 to the special allocations set forth in Section 9 hereof, the Losses of the
 Company shall be determined each year in accordance with the accounting methods
 followed for federal income tax purposes and allocated as follows:

(1) first,
 to
 the extent the Adjusted Capital Account Balance of any Member exceeds zero
 (0),
 to each such Member in proportion to and to the extent of the amounts necessary
 to cause their respective Adjusted Capital Account Balances to equal zero (0);

(2) second,
 to In Stride, George Foreman Ventures and each Member who has made a Member
 Loan, in proportion to and to the extent of the respective amounts of the
 outstanding principal balances of the Initial In Stride Loan, the Initial George
 Foreman Ventures Loan and Member Loans; and 

(3) thereafter,
 any remaining Losses shall be allocated to the Members pro rata in accordance
 with their percentage Membership Interests. 

14

SECTION
 5. MANAGEMENT;
 LIABILITY OF PARTIES; INDEMNIFICATION; PURCHASE OPTION; LICENSE
 AGREEMENT

5.1. Management
 by Manager.
 Subject
 to Section 5.2 hereof, the Manager shall be responsible for the operation of
 the
 Company’s business in the ordinary course, and shall have the authority to do
 all things without the approval or consent of the Members that it determines
 in
 its sole discretion to be in furtherance of the purposes of the Company. Without
 limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Manager shall have the authority
 to:

(a) arrange
 for the collection and deposit of all cash receipts of the Company;

(b) establish,
 maintain, and draw upon checking and other accounts in the name of the Company,
 in such bank or banks as the Manager may, from time to time,
 select;

(c) execute
 notifications, statements, reports, returns and other filings that are necessary
 or desirable to be filed with any state or federal securities
 commission;

(d) except
 as
 provided in Section 7.3 hereof, make any tax elections available to the Company
 under the Code or the Regulations thereunder, to designate a tax matters partner
 of the Company, and to execute, acknowledge and deliver any and all instruments
 desirable to effectuate the foregoing;

(e) employ
 accountants, attorneys, consultants and other persons, firms, corporations
 or
 entities on such terms and for such compensation as it shall
 determine;

(f) arrange
 for the payment of all liabilities of the Company; 

(g) arrange
 for the timely filing of all federal and state tax returns of the
 Company;

(h) borrow
 money on behalf of the Company on such terms as the Manager may determine,
 provided, however, that, during the Test Period, any such borrowing in excess
 of
 ten thousand dollars ($10,000) shall be a Major Decision pursuant to Section
 5.2(a)(4) hereof and shall accordingly be subject to the Member voting
 requirement described in Section 5.2(a); 

(i) hypothecate,
 encumber, and/or grant security interests in assets of the Company, provided,
 however, that, during the Test Period, any such hypothecation, encumbrance,
 and/or grant of security interests in assets of the Company having a fair market
 value in excess of ten thousand dollars ($10,000) shall be a Major Decision
 pursuant to Section 5.2(a)(5) hereof and shall accordingly be subject to the
 Member voting requirement described in Section 5.2(a); and

(j) make,
 enter into, deliver and perform all contracts, agreements or undertakings,
 pay
 all costs and expenses and perform all acts deemed appropriate by the Manager
 to
 carry out the Company’s purposes. 

15

5.2. Major
 Decisions; Manager Election to Outsource Day-to-Day Activities to In
 Stride.

(a) Notwithstanding
 anything in this Agreement to the contrary, the Manager shall not take any
 of
 the following actions or enter into any agreement which would result in any
 of
 the following actions (any such action a “Major Decision”), without the vote of
 those Members owning, in the aggregate, at least sixty percent (60%) of the
 Membership Interests:

(1) change
 the nature of the Company’s business or enter into a new line of
 business;

(2) engage
 in
 any transactions with a Member, any Affiliate of a Member, or any family member
 of a Member or family member of an owner of a Member or its Affiliates;

(3) sell
 or
 dispose of all or substantially all of the Company’s assets other than on an
 arms-length basis; 

(4) during
 the Test Period, borrow money on behalf of the Company in excess of ten thousand
 dollars ($10,000); 

(5) during
 the Test Period, hypothecate, encumber, and/or grant security interests in
 assets of the Company having a fair market value in excess of ten thousand
 dollars ($10,000); and

(6) enter
 into any agreement for a personal appearance fee for George Foreman in excess
 of
 ten thousand dollars ($10,000).

(b) In
 Stride
 agrees that, at the election of the Manager which may be made by the Manager
 at
 any time upon notice to In Stride, In Stride shall handle, on an independent
 contractor basis, the day-to-day administration of the Company’s business,
including,
 but not limited to, billing, receivables, inventory control, warehousing,
 shipping, sales management, training of ShopKo’s (or other customer of the
 Company) pharmacists and technicians, maintenance of a customer service staff
 dedicated to answering all of ShopKo’s (or other customer of the Company)
 pharmacy requests and questions about the Footwear and Medicare program with
 respect to the Footwear, and interfacing with ShopKo (or other customer of
 the
 Company) corporate in connection with issues relating to the ShopKo Agreement
 (or agreement with such other customer) and delivery of goods and services
 thereunder. In consideration for the foregoing services, the Company shall
 pay
 In Stride a service fee in accordance with the following schedule (for purposes
 of this Section 5.2(b), a “unit” is defined as “a pair of shoes with inserts”):
(i)
 with
 respect to any calendar month in which total sales of units for such calendar
 month are not greater than three hundred (300) units, the service fee shall
 be
 thirty dollars ($30.00) per unit sold during such calendar month, and (ii)
 with
 respect to any calendar month in which total sales of units for such calendar
 month are greater than three hundred (300) units, the service fee shall be
 thirty dollars ($30.00) per unit for the first three hundred (300) units sold
 during such calendar month plus twenty-two dollars and fifty cents ($22.50)
 per
 unit for each unit sold during such calendar month in excess of three hundred
 (300) units. The

16

amount
 of
 the service fee set forth herein shall be in addition to (and not included
 in)
 the actual cost of the shoe and shoe inserts. 

5.3. Authority
 to Bind the Company.
 The
 Manager or its designee shall have the right to bind the Company and to execute
 documents on the Company’s behalf. In addition to the specific rights and powers
 herein granted to the Manager, the Manager shall, subject to the limitations
 set
 forth in this Agreement, possess and enjoy and exercise all of the other rights
 and powers of Managers under the Act or granted by the law of any other
 jurisdiction in which the Company may do business. In addition, no Member other
 than the Manager may bind the Company and execute documents on the Company’s
 behalf without the prior written approval of the Manager.

5.4. Appointment
 of Officers. The
 Manager may, from time to time in its sole discretion, by resolution, appoint
 such officers of the Company as it shall deem advisable.

5.5. Liability
 of Parties. 

(a) No
 Member, Manager or Affiliate of such Persons (a “Covered Person”) shall be
 liable to the Company or any other Covered Person for any loss, damage or claim
 incurred by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by such Covered
 Person in good faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner reasonably
 believed to be within the scope of authority conferred on such Covered Person
 by
 this Agreement, except that a Covered Person shall be liable for any such loss,
 damage or claim incurred by reason of such Covered Person’s gross negligence or
 willful misconduct.

(b) A
 Covered
 Person shall be fully protected in relying in good faith upon the records of
 the
 Company and upon such information, opinions, reports, or statements presented
 to
 the Company by any Person as to matters the Covered Person reasonably believes
 are within such Person’s professional or expert competence and who has been
 selected with reasonable care by or on behalf of the Company, including
 information, opinions, reports or statements as to the value and amount of
 the
 assets, liabilities, Profits, Losses or Distributable Cash or any other facts
 pertinent to the existence and amount of assets from which distributions to
 Members might properly be paid.

(c) To
 the
 extent that, at law or in equity, a Covered Person has duties (including
 fiduciary duties) and liabilities relating thereto to the Company or to any
 Member, a Covered Person acting under this Agreement shall not be liable to
 the
 Company or to any Member for its good faith reliance on the provisions of this
 Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement, to the extent that they restrict
 the duties and liabilities of a Covered Person otherwise existing at law or
 in
 equity, are agreed by the parties hereto to replace such other duties and
 liabilities of such Covered Person.

(d) Unless
 otherwise expressly provided herein, (1) whenever a conflict of interest exists
 or arises between Covered Persons, or (2) whenever this Agreement or any other
 agreement contemplated herein or therein provides that a Covered Person shall
 act in a manner that is, or provides terms that are, fair and reasonable to
 the
 Company or act in any manner that is, or provides terms that are, fair and
 reasonable to the Company or any Member, the Covered

17

Person
 shall resolve such conflicts of interest, take such action or provide such
 terms, considering in each case the relative interest of each party (including
 his, her or its own interest) to such conflict, agreement, transaction or
 situation and the benefits and burdens relating to such interests, any customary
 or accepted industry practices, and any applicable generally accepted accounting
 principles. In the absence of bad faith by the Covered Person, the resolution,
 action or term so made, taken or provided by the Covered Person shall not
 constitute a breach of this Agreement or any other agreement contemplated herein
 or of any duty or obligation of the Covered Person at law or in equity or
 otherwise.

(e) Whenever
 in this Agreement a Covered Person is permitted or required to make a decision
 (1) in his, her or its “discretion” or under a grant of similar authority or
 latitude, the Covered Person shall be entitled to consider such interests and
 factors as he or it desires, including his or its own interests, and shall
 have
 no duty or obligation to give any consideration to any interest of or factors
 affecting the Company or any other Persons, or (2) in his or its “good faith” or
 under another express standard, the Covered Person shall act under such express
 standard and shall not be subject to any other or different standard imposed
 by
 this Agreement or other applicable law.

5.6. Indemnification
 of Covered Persons.

(a) To
 the
 fullest extent permitted by applicable law, a Covered Person shall be entitled
 to indemnification from the Company for any loss, damage or claim incurred
 by
 such Covered Person by reason of any act or omission performed or omitted by
 such Covered Person in good faith on behalf of the Company and in a manner
 reasonably believed to be within the scope of authority conferred on such
 Covered Person by this Agreement, except that no Covered Person shall be
 entitled to be indemnified in respect of any loss, damage or claim incurred
 by
 such Covered Person by reason of gross negligence or willful misconduct with
 respect to such acts or omissions, PROVIDED,
 HOWEVER,
 that
 any indemnity under this Section 5.6(a) shall be provided out of and to the
 extent of Company assets only, and no Member shall have any personal liability
 on account thereof. 

(b) To
 the
 fullest extent permitted by applicable law, reasonable expenses (including
 legal
 fees) incurred by a Covered Person in defending any claim, demand, action,
 suit
 or proceeding shall, from time to time, be advanced by the Company prior to
 the
 final disposition of such claim, demand, action, suit or proceeding upon receipt
 by the Company of an undertaking by or on behalf of the Covered Person to repay
 such amount if it shall be determined that the Covered Person is not entitled
 to
 be indemnified as authorized in Section 5.6(a) hereof.

(c) The
 Company may, but is not required to, purchase and maintain insurance, to the
 extent and in such amounts as the Manager shall deem reasonable, on behalf
 of
 Covered Persons and such other Persons as the Manager shall determine, against
 any liability that may be asserted against or expenses that may be incurred
 by
 any such Person in connection with the activities of the Company or such
 indemnities, regardless of whether the Company would have the power or
 obligation to indemnify such Person against such liability under the provisions
 of this Agreement. The Company may enter into indemnity contracts with Covered
 Persons and such other Persons as the Manager shall determine and adopt written
 procedures

18

pursuant
 to which arrangements are made for the advancement of expenses and the funding
 of obligations under Section 5.6(b) hereof and containing such other procedures
 regarding indemnification as are appropriate.

5.7. Competition.

(a) While
 a
 Member owns a Membership Interest in the Company and for a period of two (2)
 years after such Member ceases to own a Membership Interest in the Company
 for
 any reason, including without limitation dissolution of the Company, such Member
 and such Member’s Affiliates shall not directly or indirectly engage in any
 activities, perform any services or conduct any businesses which are competitive
 with the Company’s business or any part of the Company’s business or engage in
 activities or services performed by, or sell products sold by, the Company.
 Except for businesses competitive with the Company as aforesaid,
 any
 Member
 or Manager may engage in or possess an interest in other business ventures
 of
 every type and description, independently or with others, and neither the
 Company nor any of the Members shall have any right by virtue of this Agreement
 in or to any such independent ventures or to the income or profits derived
 therefrom. The fact that a Member or Manager or an organization or other entity
 which is related, directly or indirectly, is employed by or is directly or
 indirectly interested in or is connected with any person, firm, organization
 or
 entity engaged in or employed by the Company, to render or perform a service,
 or
 from whom or which the Company may buy property of any sort, kind and
 description, shall not prohibit the Company from executing any agreement with
 or
 employing such person, organization, firm, corporation, or entity, or from
 otherwise dealing with him or it, in any manner whatsoever, so long as such
 dealing is on an arm’s length basis, and neither the Company nor any of the
 Members, as such, shall have any rights in or to any income or profits derived
 by it or the related party.

(b) Notwithstanding
 Section 5.7(a) hereof or any other provision of this Agreement, In Stride shall
 retain a limited right to sell and distribute Footwear solely as provided in
 the
 Exclusive Trademark License Agreement attached hereto as Exhibit
 A;
 provided, however, that such license agreement shall terminate upon a
 dissolution of the Company or upon George Foreman Ventures’ material breach of
 this Agreement if such material breach is not cured within thirty (30) days
 after George Foreman Ventures receives written notice from In Stride of such
 material breach. 

5.8. Company’s
 Option to Purchase Assets of In Stride.

(a) For
 a
 period of two (2) years after the date of this Agreement, the Company shall
 have
 the option to purchase the assets of In Stride (other than its Membership
 Interest in the Company). In the event such option is exercised, (i) the Company
 shall purchase all of In Stride’s undamaged inventory that is salable in the
 ordinary course of business at a purchase price equal to In Stride’s cost,
 including but not limited to acquisition cost, freight, warehousing and
 allocable overhead, and (ii) the Company shall purchase the assets of In Stride
 other than the inventory at a purchase price equal to five (5) times the EBITDA
 of In Stride for the twelve-month period ending on the date the option is
 exercised (such EBITDA being determined without regard to any extraordinary
 income or expenses of In Stride during said twelve-month period, including,
 but
 not limited to, income derived and expenses incurred in

19

connection
 with In Stride’s fulfillment of its obligations to supply goods to the Company
 hereunder) (the “EBITDA Calculation”). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the
 amount determined pursuant to the EBITDA Calculation is less than one million
 dollars ($1,000,000), then the amount determined pursuant to the EBITDA
 Calculation shall be increased by one-half (1/2) of the difference between
 one
 million dollars ($1,000,000) and the amount determined pursuant to the EBITDA
 Calculation. The foregoing option shall be exercisable by written notice from
 the Manager to In Stride within two (2) years after the date of this Agreement,
 and in the event of exercise, the Company and In Stride shall enter into a
 purchase and sale agreement to be negotiated in good faith and which shall
 provide for cash payment in full at closing and contain standard
 representations, warranties, and indemnities. 

(b) If
 the
 Company exercises the option provided for in Section 5.8(a) hereof, then the
 Company and Dan Werremeyer Jr. (“Werremeyer”) shall enter into an employment
 agreement to be negotiated in good faith with respect to Werremeyer’s employment
 with the Company and which shall provide for the term, title and compensation
 set forth in this Section 5.8(b). The term of such employment agreement shall
 be
 three (3) years, and shall provide for the Company’s employment of Werremeyer as
 its President. Such employment agreement shall require Werremeyer to dedicate
 a
 substantial amount of his time to his services as President of the Company
 and
 shall provide for Werremeyer to receive, during such three-year term, (i) an
 annual base compensation of one hundred fifty thousand dollars ($150,000),
 (ii)
 with respect to each year that the gross revenue of the Company is greater
 than
 five million dollars ($5,000,000) and less than twenty million dollars
 ($20,000,000), a bonus (in addition to the base compensation set forth in clause
 (i) of this Section 5.8(b)) in the amount of fifty thousand dollars ($50,000),
 and (iii) with respect to each year that the gross revenue of the Company is
 equal to or greater than twenty million dollars ($20,000,000), a bonus (in
 addition to the base compensation set forth in clause (i) of this Section
 5.8(b)) in the amount of one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000). 

(c) If
 the
 Company exercises the option provided for in Section 5.8(a) hereof, then the
 Company and Robert Schwartz (“Schwartz”) shall enter into an employment
 agreement to be negotiated in good faith with respect to Schwartz’s employment
 with the Company and which shall provide for the term, title and compensation
 set forth in this Section 5.8(c). The term of such employment agreement shall
 be
 three (3) years, and shall provide for the Company’s employment of Schwartz as
 its Vice President of Pharmacies. Such employment agreement shall require
 Schwartz to dedicate a substantial amount of his time to his services as Vice
 President of Pharmacies of the Company and shall provide for Schwartz to
 receive, during such three-year term, (i) an annual base compensation of
 seventy-five thousand dollars ($75,000), (ii) with respect to each year that
 the
 gross revenue of the Company is greater than five million dollars ($5,000,000)
 and less than twenty million dollars ($20,000,000), a bonus (in addition to
 the
 base compensation set forth in clause (i) of this Section 5.8(c)) in the amount
 of twenty-five thousand dollars ($25,000), and (iii) with respect to each year
 that the gross revenue of the Company is equal to or greater than twenty million
 dollars ($20,000,000), a bonus (in addition to the base compensation set forth
 in clause (i) of this Section 5.8(c)) in the amount of fifty thousand dollars
 ($50,000).

20

(d) In
 Stride
 agrees that it shall not engage in any sale or other disposition of its assets
 outside the ordinary course of business prior to the expiration of the period
 during which the Company may exercise its option pursuant to Section 5.8(a)
 hereof or engage in any other transaction or activity that would adversely
 affect or interfere with the Company’s option. 

5.9. License
 Agreement with George Foreman Ventures.
 George
 Foreman Ventures and the Company shall enter into the license agreement attached
 hereto as Exhibit
 B. 

SECTION
 6. TRANSFERABILITY
 OF MEMBERSHIP INTERESTS.

6.1. Restrictions
 on Transfer.

(a) Except
 as
 specifically provided in this Agreement, no Member shall Transfer, directly
 or
 indirectly (including, without limitation, through a Transfer of a membership
 interest, beneficial interest in a trust, partnership interest or shares in
 an
 entity that is a Member), all or any portion of his or its Membership Interest
 in the Company. 

(b) Subject
 to Section 6.3 hereof, and notwithstanding the limitations of Section
 6.1(c)(5)(c)(i) and (ii) hereof, a Member may Transfer all or any portion of
 his
 or its Membership Interest in the Company to any transferee (“Approved
 Transferee”) with the prior written consent of the Manager, which may be granted
 or withheld in its sole and absolute discretion.

(c) Permitted
 Transferees. 

(1) Subject
 to Section 6.3 hereof, upon his death, each individual Member, if any (or
 individual owner of a Member) shall have, and at all times retain the right
 to
 Transfer all or any portion of his Membership Interest (or interest in a Member)
 outright or in trust to or for the benefit of his spouse or descendants, or
 to
 any entity which is wholly owned by such Member, such Member’s spouse or
 descendants, the foregoing trusts, or any combination of the foregoing. Subject
 to Section 6.3 hereof, each corporate Member, each limited partnership Member
 and each limited liability company Member, if any, shall have the right to
 Transfer all or any part of its Membership Interest to any owner of such Member,
 to such owner’s spouse, descendants and/or a trust or trusts for the benefit of
 the foregoing, or to any entity which is wholly owned by such owner, such
 owner’s spouse or descendants, the foregoing trusts, or any combination of the
 foregoing.

(2) Subject
 to Section 6.3 hereof, if a Membership Interest is held in trust, the holders
 of
 such Membership Interest shall have the right to Transfer such Membership
 Interest to successor trustees and/or to the beneficiaries of such trust in
 accordance with the terms thereof.

(3) The
 Person or Persons receiving a Membership Interest pursuant to the terms of
 this
 subsection (c) shall be referred to hereinafter individually as such Member’s
“Permitted Transferee” and collectively as his, her or its “Permitted
 Transferees.”

21

(4) Any
 Permitted Transferee shall receive and hold the Membership Interest so
 Transferred subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement as though
 a
 party hereto, and no Transfer of any Membership Interest shall be made to such
 Approved Transferee or Permitted Transferee unless he shall so acknowledge
 in
 writing to be bound by all of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Upon
 the satisfaction of the above and complying with Section 6.3 hereof, the
 Approved Transferee or Permitted Transferee shall be admitted to the Company
 as
 a Member.

(5) A
 Permitted Transferee shall not Transfer all or any portion of his or its
 Membership Interest in the Company unless such a Transfer is made (a) subject
 to
 the provisions of this Section 6.1, (b) subject to the provisions of Section
 6.3
 hereof, and (c):

(i) to
 the
 Member from whom he, she or it obtained the Membership Interest; or

(ii) to
 another Permitted Transferee of the Member from whom he, she or it obtained
 the
 Membership Interest.

(d) Following
 any Transfer of a Member’s entire Membership Interest, the Member shall have no
 further rights as a Member of the Company. 

6.2. Preemptive
 Rights.

(a) If,
 following the expiration of the Test Period, the Company authorizes the issuance
 or sale of any equity in the Company to any Person (including any Member) (the
 "Offeree"), the Company shall first offer to sell to each Member a pro-rata
 portion (based on the Membership Interest held by such Member at such time)
 of
 such equity. The Members shall be entitled to purchase such equity at the same
 price as such equity is to be offered to the Offeree. The Members will take
 all
 necessary or desirable actions in connection with the consummation of the
 purchase transactions contemplated by this Section 6.2(a) as requested by the
 Company, including the execution of all agreements, documents and instruments
 in
 connection therewith in the form presented by the Company, and so long as such
 agreements, documents and instruments do not require such Members to make more
 burdensome representations, warranties, covenants or indemnities than those
 required of the Offeree in the agreements, documents or instruments in
 connection with such transaction. If any Member elects not to purchase any
 such
 equity, or not to purchase all of such Member’s pro-rata portion, each other
 Member who has elected to purchase all of such Member’s pro-rata portion (a
 "Fully Participating Member") shall be entitled to purchase an additional
 portion of such equity. If more than one Fully Participating Member desires
 to
 purchase such equity in excess of the portion allocated to such Member pursuant
 to the first sentence of this Section 6.2(a), then each such Fully Participating
 Member shall be entitled to purchase up to all of such available equity. If
 there is an oversubscription in respect of such remaining equity, the
 oversubscribed amount shall be fully allocated among the Fully Participating
 Members pro rata based on such Fully Participating Members’ percentage
 Membership Interest. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything contained to
 the
 contrary herein, no Member shall be entitled to purchase equity pursuant to
 this
 Section 6.2(a) in the event such Member is in breach of, or has not complied
 with all of such Member’s obligations under this Agreement or other agreements
 to which such Member and the Company are a party.

22

(b) In
 order
 to exercise its purchase rights hereunder, a Member must, within forty-five
 (45)
 days after receipt of written notice from the Company describing the equity
 being offered, the purchase price thereof, the payment terms and such Member’s
 percentage allotment, deliver a written notice to the Company describing its
 election hereunder (which election shall be absolute and unconditional). The
 forty-five (45) day time frame described herein shall apply both in the case
 of
 an initial written notice from the Company to the Members with respect to an
 offering of equity and in the case of any subsequent written notice from the
 Company to the Fully Participating Members with respect to an additional portion
 of such equity available for purchase as a result of another Member electing
 not
 to purchase all of its pro-rata portion. 

(c) Upon
 the
 expiration of the offering period described above, the Company shall be entitled
 to sell such equity to the Offeree which the Members have not elected to
 purchase during the 180 days following such expiration at no less than the
 purchase price stated in the notice provided under Section 6.2(b)
 hereunder. Any equity proposed to be offered or sold by the Company to the
 Offeree after such 180-day period, or at a price not complying with the
 immediate preceding sentence, must be reoffered to the Members pursuant to
 the
 terms of this Section 6.2 prior to any sale to the Offeree.

6.3. Conditions
 to Transfer.
 A
 Transfer of a Membership Interest in the Company shall be effective only upon
 satisfaction of the following conditions:

(a) The
 Membership Interest with respect to which the transferee is admitted was
 acquired either in exchange for a Capital Contribution pursuant to Section
 3.1
 or 3.2(a) or by means of a Transfer permitted under subsection 6.1
 hereof;

(b) The
 transferee executes such documents and instruments as the Company may reasonably
 request as necessary or appropriate to confirm such transferee as a Member
 in
 the Company and such transferee’s agreement to be bound by the terms and
 conditions hereof;

(c) The
 transferee furnishes copies of all instruments effecting the Transfer and such
 other certificates, instruments and documents as the Company may
 require;

(d) At
 the
 request of the Manager, the transferee provides the Company with an opinion
 of
 counsel stating:

(1) that
 such
 Transfer may be effected without registration of the Membership Interest under
 the Securities Act of 1933, as amended;

(2) that
 such
 Transfer does not cause the violation of any state or federal securities law
 (including any investment suitability standards);

(3) that
 such
 Transfer will not result in a termination of the Company pursuant to Section
 708(b)(1)(B) of the Code;

(4) that
 such
 Transfer will not cause the Company or any entity in which the Company invests
 to be subject to any state or federal registration requirements;
 and

(5) such
 other matters as the Manager may reasonably request.

23

(e) The
 transferee provides the Manager with a fully-executed and acknowledged written
 instrument of Transfer setting forth the intention of the transferor that the
 transferee become a Member in his or its place and stead;

(f) The
 transferee and the transferor execute and acknowledge such other instruments
 as
 the Manager may deem necessary or desirable to effect such admission, including
 the written acceptance and adoption by the transferee of the provisions of
 this
 Agreement (including the power of attorney contained in Section 10.9 hereof)
 and
 the assumption by the transferee of all obligations of the transferor under
 this
 Agreement; and

(g) The
 transferee has paid all reasonable expenses incurred by the Company (including
 any legal and accounting fees) in connection with such Transfer, including,
 but
 not limited to, the cost of the preparation, filing and publishing of any
 amendment to the Company’s certificate of formation or any other amendments or
 filings.

6.4. Prohibited
 Transfers.
 Any
 purported Transfer that is not permitted under this Section shall be null and
 void and of no effect whatsoever. 

SECTION
 7. BOOKS
 AND RECORDS; ACCOUNTING AND TAX ELECTIONS

7.1. Maintenance
 of Records.
 The
 Company shall maintain true and correct books and records, in which shall be
 entered all transactions of the Company, and shall maintain all other records
 necessary, convenient or incidental to recording the Company’s business and
 affairs, which shall be sufficient to record the allocation of Profits and
 Losses and distributions as provided for herein. All decisions as to accounting
 principles, accounting methods and other accounting matters shall be made by
 the
 Manager. Each Member or his or its authorized representative may, as often
 as
 quarterly and to the extent required by § 18-305 of the Act, examine the books
 and records of the Company during normal business hours upon reasonable notice
 for a proper purpose reasonably related to the Member’s Membership Interest in
 the Company.

7.2. Reports
 to Members.
 As soon
 as practicable after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Company (a) shall
 cause
 to be prepared and sent to each Member a balance sheet and a statement of income
 for the Company which may, but need not, be audited by a certified public
 accountant, and (b) shall cause to be prepared and sent to each Member a report
 setting forth in sufficient detail all such information and data with respect
 to
 the Company for such fiscal quarter as shall enable each Member to prepare
 his
 or its income tax returns in accordance with the laws, rules and regulations
 then prevailing. The Company shall also cause to be prepared and filed all
 tax
 returns required of the Company. All balance sheets, statements, reports and
 tax
 returns required to be prepared by the Company pursuant to this Section 7.2
 shall be prepared at the expense of the Company.

24

7.3. Tax
 Election; Determinations Not Provided for in Agreement.
 The
 Manager shall be empowered to make or revoke any elections now or hereafter
 required or permitted to be made by the Code or any state or local tax law,
 and
 to decide in a fair and equitable manner any accounting procedures and other
 matters arising with respect to the Company or under this Agreement which are
 not expressly provided for in this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing,
 neither the Company nor any Manager or Member shall make an election for the
 Company to be excluded from taxation as a partnership under the Code or any
 state or local law, and no provision of this Agreement (including Section 1.7)
 shall be construed to sanction or approve any such election.

7.4. Tax
 Matters Partner.
 George
 Foreman Ventures is hereby designated to be the “tax matters partner” of the
 Company pursuant to the requirements of the Code and shall have the authority
 to
 exercise all functions provided for in the Code, or in the Regulations,
 including, to the extent permitted by such Regulations, the authority to
 delegate the function of “tax matters partner” to any other person. George
 Foreman Ventures shall be reimbursed for all reasonable expenses incurred as
 a
 result of its duties as “tax matters partner”. 

SECTION
 8. DISSOLUTION
 AND LIQUIDATION; TERMINATION AND WITHDRAWAL.

8.1. Dissolution.
 The
 Company shall dissolve and its affairs shall be wound up at any time upon the
 decision of the Manager. 

8.2. Liquidation.

(a) Upon
 a
 dissolution of the Company requiring the winding-up of its affairs, the Manager
 shall wind up its affairs. The assets of the Company shall be sold within a
 reasonable period of time to the extent necessary to pay or provide for the
 payment of all debts and liabilities of the Company, and may be sold to the
 extent deemed practicable and prudent by the Manager.

(b) The
 net
 assets of the Company remaining after satisfaction of all such debts and
 liabilities and the creation of any reserves under subsection 8.2(d), shall
 be
 distributed to the Members in accordance with their positive Capital Account
 Balances as of the date of such distribution, after giving effect to all
 contributions, distributions and allocations for all periods, including the
 period during which such liquidation occurs. Any property distributed in kind
 in
 the liquidation shall be valued at fair market value.

(c) Distributions
 to Members pursuant to this Section 8 shall be made by the later of (i) the
 end
 of the taxable year of the liquidation, or (ii) ninety (90) days after the
 date
 of such liquidation in accordance with Regulations Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(b).

(d) The
 Manager may withhold from distribution under this Section 8.2 such reserves
 which are required by applicable law and such other reserves for subsequent
 computation adjustments and for contingencies, including contingent liabilities
 relating to pending or anticipated litigation or to Internal Revenue Service
 examinations. Any amount held

25

as
 a
 reserve shall reduce the amount payable under this Section 8.2 and shall be
 held
 in a segregated interest-bearing account (which may be commingled with similar
 accounts). The unused portion of any reserve shall be distributed with interest
 thereon pursuant to this Section 8.2 after the Manager shall have determined
 that the need therefore shall have ceased.

8.3. Deficit
 Capital Accounts.
 If a
 Member has a deficit balance in his or its Capital Account after giving effect
 to all contributions, distributions and allocations for all taxable years,
 including the year in which the liquidation occurs, such deficit shall not
 be
 considered a debt owed by such Member to the Company and such Member shall
 not
 be obligated to contribute such amount to the Company to bring the Capital
 Account Balance of such Member’s Capital Account to zero (0).

8.4. Restrictions
 on Withdrawal.
 Except
 as otherwise expressly permitted in this Agreement, without the consent of
 the
 Manager, which may be withheld in its absolute discretion, a Member does not
 have the right to withdraw from the Company as a Member or terminate his or
 its
 Membership Interest.   

SECTION
 9.  ALLOCATION
 RULES.

9.1. Special
 Allocations.

(a) Minimum
 Gain Chargeback.
 Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 4 or this Section 9, except
 to
 the extent that Section 1.704-2(f) of the Regulations (or any other applicable
 authority) provides an exception to the operation of the minimum gain chargeback
 requirement of the Regulations, if there is a net decrease in Minimum Gain
 during any Accounting Period, each Member shall be specially allocated items
 of
 income and gain for such Accounting Period in an amount equal to such Member’s
 share of the net decrease in the Company’s Minimum Gain (within the meaning of
 Regulations Section 1.704-2(g)(2)), determined in accordance with Regulations
 Section 1.704-2(g). In the event that the minimum gain chargeback requirement
 imposed by this subsection and Regulations Section 1.704-2(f) exceeds the
 Company’s income and gains for the Accounting Period, the excess shall be
 treated as a minimum gain chargeback requirement, and shall be specially
 allocated under this subsection, in the immediately succeeding Accounting
 Periods until fully charged back. Allocations pursuant to this subsection shall
 be made in proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to
 each
 Member pursuant hereto. The items to be allocated shall be determined in
 accordance with Sections 1.704-2(f)(6) and 1.704-2(j) of the Regulations. This
 subsection 9.1(a) is intended to comply with the minimum gain chargeback
 requirement in the Regulations and shall be interpreted consistently
 therewith.

(b) Member
 Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain Chargeback.
 Notwithstanding any other provision of Section 4 or this Section 9, except
 to
 the extent that Section 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations (or any other
 applicable authority) provides an exception to the operation of the partner
 nonrecourse debt minimum gain chargeback requirement of the Regulations, if
 there is a net decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable
 to
 a Member

26

Nonrecourse
 Debt during any Accounting Period, each Member who has a share of the Member
 Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain attributable to such Member Nonrecourse Debt,
 determined in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i)(5), as of the
 beginning of that Accounting Period, shall be specially allocated items of
 income and gain for such Accounting Period (and, if necessary, succeeding
 Accounting Periods) in an amount equal to such Member’s share of the net
 decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain. A Member’s share of the net
 decrease in Member Nonrecourse Debt Minimum Gain shall be determined in a manner
 consistent with the provisions of Regulations Sections 1.704-2(j)(2) and
 1.704-2(i)(4). Allocations pursuant to this subsection shall be made in
 proportion to the respective amounts required to be allocated to each Member
 pursuant to this subsection and Section 1.704-2(i)(4) of the Regulations. The
 items to be so allocated shall be determined in accordance with Sections
 1.704-2(i)(4) and (j)(2) of the Regulations.

This
 subsection 9.1(b) is intended to comply with the partner nonrecourse debt
 minimum gain chargeback requirement in the Regulations and shall be interpreted
 consistently therewith.

(c) Qualified
 Income Offset.
 If any
 Member unexpectedly receives any adjustments, allocations or distributions
 described in Regulations Sections 1.704-1(b)(2)(ii)(d)(4), (5), and (6), items
 of income and gain (consisting of a pro rata portion of each item of income,
 including gross income and gain) shall be specially allocated to that Member
 in
 an amount and manner sufficient to eliminate any Adjusted Capital Account
 Deficit created by such adjustments, allocations or distributions as quickly
 as
 possible; PROVIDED,
 HOWEVER,
 that an
 allocation pursuant to this subsection shall be made only if and to the extent
 that such Member would have an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit after all other
 allocations provided for in this Article have been tentatively made as if this
 subsection were not a part of this Agreement.

(d) Gross
 Income Allocation.
 If any
 Member has a deficit Capital Account at the end of any Accounting Period that
 is
 in excess of the sum of the amount such Member is obligated to restore, or
 the
 amount such Member is deemed obligated to restore pursuant to the next to last
 sentences of Section 1.704-2(g)(1) and Section 1.704-2(i)(5) of the Regulations,
 the Member shall be specially allocated items of income and gain in the amount
 of such excess as quickly as possible; PROVIDED,
 HOWEVER,
 that an
 alloca-tion pursuant to this subsection shall be made only if and to the extent
 that such Member would have a deficit Capital Account in excess of such sum
 after all other allocations provided for in this Article have been tentatively
 made as if this subsection and the qualified income offset provision set forth
 in the preceding subsection were not a part of this Agreement.

(e) Code
 Section 754 Adjustments.
 To the
 extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any asset of the Company
 pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b) is required, pursuant
 to
 Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) or (4), to be taken into account
 in
 determining Capital Accounts as a result of a distribution to a Member in
 complete liquidation of its interest in the Company, the amount of such
 adjustment to the Capital Accounts of the Members shall be treated as an item
 of
 gain (if the adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the
 adjustment decreases such basis) and such gain or loss shall be

27

specially
 allocated to the Members in accordance with their interests in the Company
 in
 the event Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) applies, or to the Member
 to whom such distribu-tion was made in the event Regulations Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies.

(f) Nonrecourse
 Deductions.
 Nonrecourse Deductions for any Accounting Period shall be specially allocated
 to
 the Members, in accordance with the Members’ Membership Interests in the Company
 for the applicable Accounting Period.

(g) Member
 Nonrecourse Deductions.
 Any
 Member Nonrecourse Deductions for any Accounting Period shall be specially
 allocated to the Member who bears the economic risk of loss with respect to
 the
 Member Nonrecourse Debt to which such Member Nonrecourse Deductions are
 attributable in accordance with Regulations Section 1.704-2(i).

(h) Corrective
 Allocations.
 The
 allocations set forth in the preceding subsections of this Section 9.1 (the
 “Regulatory Allocations”) are intended to comply with certain requirements of
 the Regulations. It is the intent of the Members that, to the extent possible,
 all Regulatory Allocations shall be offset either with other Regulatory
 Allocations or with special allocations of other items of income, gain, loss
 or
 deduction pursuant this subsection 9.1(h). Therefore, notwithstanding any other
 provision of Section 4 or this Section 9 (other than the Regulatory
 Allocations), the Manager shall make such offsetting special allocations of
 income, gain, loss or deduction in whatever manner they determine appropriate
 so
 that, after such offsetting allocations are made, each Member’s Capital Account
 Balance is, to the extent possible, equal to the Capital Account balance such
 Member would have had if the Regulatory Allocations were not part of this
 Agreement and all items were allocated pursuant to Section 4. In making any
 allocation under this subsection, the Manager shall take into account future
 Regulatory Allocations under subsection 9.1(a) and (b) that, although not yet
 made, are likely to offset other Regulatory Allocations previously made under
 subsections 9.1(f) and 9.1(g).

9.2. Code
 Section 704(c).

(a) In
 accordance with Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations thereunder, income,
 gain, loss and deduction with respect to any property contributed to the capital
 of the Company, solely for tax purposes, shall be allocated among the Members
 so
 as to take account of any variation between the adjusted basis of such property
 to the Company for Federal income tax purposes and its initial Gross Asset
 Value.

(b) If
 the
 Gross Asset Value of any asset of the Company is revalued pursuant to Section
 1.8(r)(2), subsequent allocations of income, gain, loss and deduction with
 respect to such asset shall take account of any variation between the adjusted
 basis of such asset for federal income tax purposes and its Gross Asset Value
 in
 the same manner as under Code Section 704(c) and the Regulations
 thereunder.

(c) Any
 elections or other decisions relating to allocations made under this Section
 9
 shall be made in any manner that reasonably reflects the purpose and intention
 of this Agreement. Allocations pursuant to this Section 9.2 are solely for
 income tax purposes and shall not affect, or in any way be taken into account
 in
 computing, any Person’s Capital Account or share of Profits, Losses, other items
 or distributions pursuant to any provision of this Agreement.

28

(d) The
 provisions of this Section 9.2 are intended to comply with Code Section 704(c)
 and the Regulations promulgated thereunder. The Members shall make any
 modifications to this Agreement as may be required to comply with Section 704(c)
 and the Regulations thereunder.

9.3. Other
 Allocation Rules.

(a) Except
 as
 otherwise provided in this Agreement, items of income, gain, loss, deduction
 and
 credit shall be allocated among the Members for income tax purposes in a manner
 consistent with the allocations made for “book purposes” under Section 4 and
 this Section 9. Specifically, items of taxable income or loss corresponding
 to
 items which have been specially allocated pursuant to Section 9.1 shall be
 allocated for tax purposes in the same manner as those items are allocated
 for
 book purposes. Taxable income or loss for any Accounting Period which is not
 allocated pursuant to the preceding sentence and which is not otherwise
 allocated pursuant to Section 4 or this Section 9 shall be allocated among
 the
 Members for tax purposes in the same proportion that Profit or Loss has been
 allocated for that Accounting Period under Section 4.

(b) For
 purposes of determining the Profits, Losses or any other items allocable to
 any
 Accounting Period, Profits, Losses and any such other items shall be determined
 on a daily, monthly or other basis, as determined by the Manager using any
 permissible method under Code Section 706 and the Regulations
 thereunder.

(c) Except
 as
 otherwise provided in this Agreement, all items of income, gain, loss, deduction
 and any other allocations not otherwise provided for shall be divided among
 the
 Members in the same proportions as they share Profits or Losses, as the case
 may
 be, for the applicable Accounting Period.

(d) Notwithstanding
 the other provisions of Section 4 or this Section 9, the Manager is authorized
 to make any adjustment in the allocation of Profits or Losses provided for
 in
 such Sections if the Manager considers in good faith that the adjustment is
 necessary and equitable to correct errors in allocations caused by errors in
 unaudited financial information or to correct inequities which may arise under
 this Agreement, including those which may result from there being multiple
 Accounting Periods during a single Fiscal Year or during the term of this
 Agreement rather than a single Accounting Period.

(e) Solely
 for purposes of determining each Member’s share of “excess nonrecourse
 liabilities” of the Company, as such term is defined in Regulations Section
 1.752-3(a)(3), each Member’s Membership Interest in Profits for any Accounting
 Period shall be that Member’s Membership Interest in the Company for that
 Accounting Period.

(f) To
 the
 extent permitted by Section 1.704-2(h)(3) of the Regulations, the Company shall
 endeavor to treat distributions as having been made from the proceeds of a
 Nonrecourse Liability or a Member Nonrecourse Debt only to the extent that
 such
 distributions would not cause or increase an Adjusted Capital Account Deficit
 for any Member.

(g) To
 the
 extent an adjustment to the adjusted tax basis of any asset of the Company
 pursuant to Code Section 734(b) or Code Section 743(b) is required, pursuant
 to

29

Regulations
 Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) or (4), to be taken into account in determining
 Capital Accounts as a result of a distribution to a Member in complete
 liquidation of its interest in the Company, the amount of such adjustment to
 the
 Capital Accounts of the Members shall be treated as an item of gain (if the
 adjustment increases the basis of the asset) or loss (if the adjustment
 decreases the basis of the asset) and such gain or loss shall be specially
 allocated to the members in accordance with their interests in the Company
 in
 the event Regulations Section 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(2) applies, or to the Member
 to whom such distribution was made in the event Regulations Section
 1.704-1(b)(2)(iv)(m)(4) applies. 

SECTION
 10. GENERAL
 PROVISIONS.

10.1. Notices.
 Except
 as expressly provided in this Agreement, all notices, consents, waivers,
 requests or other instruments or communications given pursuant to this Agreement
 shall be in writing, signed by the party giving the same, and shall be delivered
 by hand or sent by registered or certified United States mail, return receipt
 requested, postage prepaid, or by a recognized overnight delivery service,
 addressed, in the case of the Company, to the Company at its principal place
 of
 business, and to any of the Members at the address set forth in the Company’s
 books and records. Any Member may, by notice to the Company and each other
 Member, specify any other address for the receipt of such notices, instruments
 or communications. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, any notice,
 instrument or other communication shall be deemed properly given only when
 received, or upon refusal of receipt, by the Person to whom it is sent. The
 addresses of the Members are currently as follows:

    George
 Foreman ventures LLC                                

In
 Stride
 L.L.C.

    100
 North
 Wilkes-Barre Boulevard                                   
29
 Polhemus Drive

    4th
 Floor                                                Hillsborough,
 NJ
 08844

    Wilkes-Barre,
 PA 18702                                      
Attn:
 Dan
 Werremeyer

    Attn:
 Seymour
 Holtzman

    Olen
 Rice                                                Paul
 Koester

    c/o
 Northern
 Group                                          1301
 Armitage Avenue, Suite
 K

    926
 Willard
 Drive, Suite 144                                       
Melrose
 Park, IL
 60160

    Green
 Bay, WI
 54304

10.2. Interpretation.

(a) Section
 and subsection headings are not to be considered part of this Agreement, are
 included solely for convenience of reference and are not intended to be full
 or
 accurate descriptions of the contents thereof.

30

(b) Use
 of
 the terms “herein”, “hereunder”, “hereof” and like terms shall be deemed to
 refer to this entire Agreement and not merely to the particular provision in
 which the term is contained, unless the context clearly indicates
 otherwise.

(c) Use
 of
 the word “including” or a like term shall be construed to mean “including but
 not limited to”.

(d) Exhibits
 and schedules to this Agreement are an integral part of this
 Agreement.

(e) Words
 importing a particular gender shall include every other gender and words
 importing the singular shall include the plural and vice-versa, unless the
 context clearly indicates otherwise.

(f) Any
 reference to a provision of the Code, Regulations or the Act shall be construed
 to be a reference to any successor provision thereof.

10.3. Independent
 Counsel.
 The
 Members recognize that the law firm of Riker, Danzig, Scherer, Hyland &
Perretti LLP has represented George Foreman Ventures with respect to the
 preparation and execution of this Agreement and that THE OTHER MEMBERS HAVE
 BEEN
 ADVISED TO RETAIN INDEPENDENT COUNSEL for advice regarding their rights and
 obligations under this Agreement. Each Member other than George Foreman Ventures
 represents that it has sought and obtained independent legal counsel or hereby
 waives the right to obtain such legal counsel. 

10.4. Governing
 Law.
 This
 Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of
 the
 State of Delaware, excluding any conflict-of-laws rule or principle that might
 refer the governance, construction or interpretation of this Agreement to the
 laws of another State.

10.5. Binding
 Agreement.
 This
 Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Members and
 their respective heirs, executors, administrators, personal representatives
 and
 successors.

10.6. Severability.
 Each
 term and provision of this Agreement is intended to be severable. If any term
 or
 provision of this Agreement is determined by a court of competent jurisdiction
 to be unenforceable for any reason whatsoever that term or provision shall
 be
 ineffectual and void and the validity of the remainder of this Agreement shall
 not be adversely affected thereby.

10.7. Entire
 Agreement.
 This
 Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto) supersedes any and
 all
 other understandings and agreements, either oral or in writing, between the
 Members with respect to the Membership Interests and constitute the sole and
 only agreement between the Members with respect to the Membership
 Interests.

10.8. Further
 Action.
 Each
 Member and the Manager shall execute and deliver all papers, documents and
 instruments and perform all acts that are necessary or appropriate to implement
 the terms of this Agreement and the intent of the Members.

31

10.9. Power
 of Attorney.
 Each
 Member hereby irrevocably constitutes and appoints (a) the Manager, (b) each
 person who shall after the date of this Agreement become a Manager, and (c)
 any
 substitute that the Manager may appoint to act in its place (who need not be
 a
 Member) as his true and lawful representative and attorney-in-fact, with full
 power and authority in his name, place and stead, to make, execute, acknowledge,
 deliver, swear to, record, file and publish with respect to the Company (i)
 any
 and all instruments, documents and certificates (including the Certificate
 of
 Formation, any amendments thereto and a certificate of cancellation) which,
 from
 time to time, may be required by the laws of the United States of America,
 the
 State of Delaware or any other state in which the Company shall determine to
 do
 business or any political subdivision or agency thereof, and to take any other
 action which the Manager may deem necessary or appropriate, in his sole
 discretion, to execute, implement and continue or terminate the valid and
 subsisting existence and business operations of the Company and (ii) any
 amendments to and restatements of the Certificate of Formation as such
 amendments and restatements are contemplated hereunder, or any other instrument
 relating to any such amendments. The foregoing grant of authority is a special
 power of attorney coupled with an interest, shall be irrevocable and shall
 continue in full force and effect notwithstanding the subsequent death,
 disability, insanity or incapacity (or, in the case of a Member that is a
 corporation, limited liability company, association, partnership, joint venture
 or trust, the subsequent merger, dissolution or other termination of the
 existence) of such Member. The special power of attorney may be exercised on
 behalf of a Member by a facsimile signature of the Manager (or substitute for
 the Manager). The special power of attorney shall survive the Transfer by the
 Member of the whole or any portion of his Membership Interest, except that
 in a
 case in which the transferee of the whole Membership Interest of a Member shall
 have furnished a power of attorney and shall have been approved by the Manager
 for admission to the Company as a substituted Member, this power of attorney
 shall survive the Transfer for the sole purpose of enabling the Manager (or
 substitute for a Manager) to execute, acknowledge and file any instrument
 necessary to effect the substitution and shall thereafter
 terminate.

10.10. Amendment
 or Modification.
 This
 Agreement (including the exhibits and schedules hereto) may be amended or
 modified from time to time only by the unanimous written consent of the Members;
 provided, however, that the Manager may amend or modify this Agreement
 (including the exhibits and schedules hereto) without the consent of any of
 the
 Members to reflect the issuance of any additional equity in the Company pursuant
 to the provisions of this Agreement. 

10.11. Counterparts.
 This
 Agreement may be signed in counterparts, each of which shall be considered
 an
 original and together they shall constitute one instrument.

(Signature
 page follows)

32

IN
 WITNESS WHEREOF,
 the
 Members have executed and adopted this Agreement effective as of April
 20,
 2007.

WITNESS:                                                
GEORGE
 FOREMAN VENTURES LLC

______________________________                      
By:_______________________________________     

                        Name:

                        Title:

                       IN
 STRIDE
 L.L.C.

_______________________________                               By:_____________________________________     

 Name:

 Title 

 ___________________________________           

_______________________________                                 
OLEN
 RICE

_______________________________                               
 ________________________________________                       

                                                       PAUL
 KOESTER

33

SCHEDULE
 A

MEMBERS;
 MEMBERSHIP INTERSTS; INITIAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS     

 Member 

MembershipInterest 

Initial
 Capital Contributions 

George
 Foreman Ventures LLC

50.1
 %

 $

 501 

In
 Stride L.L.C.

47.9
 %

$

479

Olen
 Rice

1.0
 %

 $

 10

Paul
 Koester

1.0
 %

 $

 10

34

EXHIBIT
 A

LICENSE
 AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND IN STRIDE

35

EXHIBIT
 B

LICENSE
 AGREEMENT BETWEEN THE COMPANY 

AND
 GEORGE FOREMAN VENTURES

36